  classname = AAS 103
 department = AAS
      title = Soc Sci Sem
classnumber = 103
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = AAS 104
 department = AAS
      title = Hum Seminar
classnumber = 104
    credits = 3
   workload = 11

  classname = AAS 115
 department = AAS
      title = Elementary Swahili
classnumber = 115
    credits = 4
   workload = 9

  classname = AAS 125
 department = AAS
      title = Elem Yoruba I
classnumber = 125
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 200
 department = AAS
      title = Intr African Studies
classnumber = 200
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = AAS 201
 department = AAS
      title = Intro Afr-Am Studies
classnumber = 201
    credits = 3
   workload = 37

  classname = AAS 202
 department = AAS
      title = Intro Afr Diasp Stds
classnumber = 202
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 206
 department = AAS
      title = Africa Issue
classnumber = 206
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = AAS 207
 department = AAS
      title = Arts and Pwr Africa
classnumber = 207
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 215
 department = AAS
      title = Intermed Swahili I
classnumber = 215
    credits = 4
   workload = 8

  classname = AAS 225
 department = AAS
      title = Interm Yoruba I
classnumber = 225
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 233
 department = AAS
      title = Race in 70s Film
classnumber = 233
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 246
 department = AAS
      title = Africa to 1850
classnumber = 246
    credits = 3
   workload = 23

  classname = AAS 250
 department = AAS
      title = L&R Hst Prc I
classnumber = 250
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 260
 department = AAS
      title = African Development
classnumber = 260
    credits = 3
   workload = 3

  classname = AAS 271
 department = AAS
      title = Intro Af-Am Lit
classnumber = 271
    credits = 2
   workload = 9

  classname = AAS 275
 department = AAS
      title = Blk Women Pop Cult
classnumber = 275
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 290
 department = AAS
      title = Select Blk World Std
classnumber = 290
    credits = 2
   workload = 11

  classname = AAS 303
 department = AAS
      title = Race&Ethnic
classnumber = 303
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = AAS 304
 department = AAS
      title = Gender&Immigr
classnumber = 304
    credits = 3
   workload = 44

  classname = AAS 309
 department = AAS
      title = Glbl Hlth in Africa
classnumber = 309
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 310
 department = AAS
      title = Atlantic Slavery
classnumber = 310
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 315
 department = AAS
      title = Advanced Swahili I
classnumber = 315
    credits = 3
   workload = 70

  classname = AAS 322
 department = AAS
      title = Intro Env Politics
classnumber = 322
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = AAS 323
 department = AAS
      title = Blk Feminist Thought
classnumber = 323
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 346
 department = AAS
      title = Lit in African Hist
classnumber = 346
    credits = 3
   workload = 64

  classname = AAS 356
 department = AAS
      title = Dem & Devt in Africa
classnumber = 356
    credits = 4
   workload = 27

  classname = AAS 357
 department = AAS
      title = Environ Afr Dvlpmt
classnumber = 357
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 358
 department = AAS
      title = Black World Studies
classnumber = 358
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = AAS 366
 department = AAS
      title = Music-Africa
classnumber = 366
    credits = 3
   workload = 4

  classname = AAS 393
 department = AAS
      title = Race Gend Pop Cult
classnumber = 393
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 394
 department = AAS
      title = Professional Writing
classnumber = 394
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 407
 department = AAS
      title = African Things
classnumber = 407
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 421
 department = AAS
      title = Afdiaspora Religions
classnumber = 421
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 453
 department = AAS
      title = Southern Afr
classnumber = 453
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = AAS 458
 department = AAS
      title = Black World Issues
classnumber = 458
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = AAS 495
 department = AAS
      title = Senior Sem
classnumber = 495
    credits = 4
   workload = 31

  classname = AAS 498
 department = AAS
      title = DAAS In Action
classnumber = 498
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 515
 department = AAS
      title = Elementary Swahili I
classnumber = 515
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 517
 department = AAS
      title = Elem African Lang I
classnumber = 517
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 525
 department = AAS
      title = Intermediate Swahili I
classnumber = 525
    credits = 4
   workload = 100

  classname = AAS 558
 department = AAS
      title = Black World Seminar
classnumber = 558
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = AAS 600
 department = AAS
      title = Prosem Afr Stds
classnumber = 600
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = AAS 601
 department = AAS
      title = Prosem Afr-Am Stds
classnumber = 601
    credits = 3
   workload = 29

  classname = AAS 625
 department = AAS
      title = Interm Yoruba I
classnumber = 625
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 634
 department = AAS
      title = Urban Ethnogr Trad
classnumber = 634
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = AAS 715
 department = AAS
      title = Advanced Swahili I
classnumber = 715
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = CLARCH 222
 department = CLARCH
      title = Roman Arch
classnumber = 222
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = CLARCH 350
 department = CLARCH
      title = Topics in CLARCH
classnumber = 350
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = CLARCH 387
 department = CLARCH
      title = Arc Anc Housing
classnumber = 387
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = CLARCH 433
 department = CLARCH
      title = Grk Sculpture
classnumber = 433
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = CLARCH 440
 department = CLARCH
      title = Cities-Greece
classnumber = 440
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = CLARCH 482
 department = CLARCH
      title = Ceramic Analysis
classnumber = 482
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = CLARCH 600
 department = CLARCH
      title = Proseminar C A
classnumber = 600
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = CLARCH 815
 department = CLARCH
      title = Hellenist City
classnumber = 815
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = CLARCH 856
 department = CLARCH
      title = Prob Med Prehistory
classnumber = 856
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = CLARCH 993
 department = CLARCH
      title = Sem for Instr
classnumber = 993
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = GREEKMOD 101
 department = GREEKMOD
      title = Elem Modern Greek
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 14

  classname = GREEKMOD 201
 department = GREEKMOD
      title = 2nd Yr Mod Greek I
classnumber = 201
    credits = 4
   workload = 28

  classname = GREEKMOD 214
 department = GREEKMOD
      title = Intro To Mod Gk Cult
classnumber = 214
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = GREEKMOD 301
 department = GREEKMOD
      title = Inter Mod Greek I
classnumber = 301
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = GREEKMOD 503
 department = GREEKMOD
      title = 2nd Yr Grk I
classnumber = 503
    credits = 3
   workload = 28

  classname = GREEKMOD 505
 department = GREEKMOD
      title = Inter Modern Greek I
classnumber = 505
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MEMS 210
 department = MEMS
      title = Early Med Europe
classnumber = 210
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = MEMS 250
 department = MEMS
      title = Ital Renaissance Art
classnumber = 250
    credits = 4
   workload = 12

  classname = MEMS 350
 department = MEMS
      title = Lit in Engl-1660
classnumber = 350
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = MEMS 360
 department = MEMS
      title = Med&Early Mod Topics
classnumber = 360
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = MEMS 367
 department = MEMS
      title = Shakespeare Plays
classnumber = 367
    credits = 3
   workload = 22

  classname = MEMS 375
 department = MEMS
      title = Celtic&Nordic Myth
classnumber = 375
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = MEMS 411
 department = MEMS
      title = Spec Topics
classnumber = 411
    credits = 1
   workload = 50

  classname = MEMS 465
 department = MEMS
      title = Chaucer
classnumber = 465
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = MEMS 611
 department = MEMS
      title = Med&EM Study Topics
classnumber = 611
    credits = 3
   workload = 29

  classname = RCMUSIC 249
 department = RCMUSIC
      title = Foundations of Music
classnumber = 249
    credits = 4
   workload = 7

  classname = RCMUSIC 258
 department = RCMUSIC
      title = Afro-Cuban Drumming
classnumber = 258
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = RCMUSIC 259
 department = RCMUSIC
      title = Music Improvisation
classnumber = 259
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = RCMUSIC 320
 department = RCMUSIC
      title = Chamber Music
classnumber = 320
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = ALA 101
 department = ALA
      title = Guide - Liberal Arts
classnumber = 101
    credits = 1
   workload = 31

  classname = ALA 102
 department = ALA
      title = Student in the Univ
classnumber = 102
    credits = 1
   workload = 7

  classname = ALA 104
 department = ALA
      title = Intro to Research
classnumber = 104
    credits = 1
   workload = 13

  classname = ALA 105
 department = ALA
      title = Digital Research
classnumber = 105
    credits = 1
   workload = 12

  classname = ALA 106
 department = ALA
      title = Health & Health Care
classnumber = 106
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = ALA 107
 department = ALA
      title = WISE RP Seminar
classnumber = 107
    credits = 1
   workload = 18

  classname = ALA 118
 department = ALA
      title = Prog, Info & People
classnumber = 118
    credits = 4
   workload = 51

  classname = ALA 122
 department = ALA
      title = Intrgrp Dialogue
classnumber = 122
    credits = 2
   workload = 5

  classname = ALA 125
 department = ALA
      title = Internship Success
classnumber = 125
    credits = 1
   workload = 9

  classname = ALA 160
 department = ALA
      title = HU Topics in ALA
classnumber = 160
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = ALA 164
 department = ALA
      title = ID Topics in ALA
classnumber = 164
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = ALA 170
 department = ALA
      title = ALA Topics
classnumber = 170
    credits = 1
   workload = 38

  classname = ALA 171
 department = ALA
      title = Make the Most of UM
classnumber = 171
    credits = 1
   workload = 15

  classname = ALA 175
 department = ALA
      title = Founds in Leadership
classnumber = 175
    credits = 1
   workload = 26

  classname = ALA 206
 department = ALA
      title = Hlth Mentor & Exper
classnumber = 206
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ALA 210
 department = ALA
      title = Def Crit Glbl Issues
classnumber = 210
    credits = 2
   workload = 55

  classname = ALA 220
 department = ALA
      title = Foundations IGR
classnumber = 220
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = ALA 223
 department = ALA
      title = Entrepreneur Crtivty
classnumber = 223
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = ALA 225
 department = ALA
      title = Undergrad Internship
classnumber = 225
    credits = 1
   workload = 12

  classname = ALA 240
 department = ALA
      title = Live Well in College
classnumber = 240
    credits = 2
   workload = 4

  classname = ALA 256
 department = ALA
      title = Innovator's Toolkit
classnumber = 256
    credits = 3
   workload = 2

  classname = ALA 264
 department = ALA
      title = ID Topics in ALA
classnumber = 264
    credits = 1
   workload = 20

  classname = ALA 270
 department = ALA
      title = ALA Topics
classnumber = 270
    credits = 1
   workload = 8

  classname = ALA 290
 department = ALA
      title = Public Speaking
classnumber = 290
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = ALA 315
 department = ALA
      title = Popular Science
classnumber = 315
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = ALA 320
 department = ALA
      title = IGR Facilitation
classnumber = 320
    credits = 2
   workload = 33

  classname = ALA 321
 department = ALA
      title = IGR Practicum
classnumber = 321
    credits = 3
   workload = 72

  classname = ALA 322
 department = ALA
      title = Advanced IGR Prac
classnumber = 322
    credits = 1
   workload = 60

  classname = ALA 325
 department = ALA
      title = Education to Work
classnumber = 325
    credits = 1
   workload = 20

  classname = ALA 370
 department = ALA
      title = ALA Topics
classnumber = 370
    credits = 1
   workload = 23

  classname = ALA 421
 department = ALA
      title = Creat Inclusive Comm
classnumber = 421
    credits = 1
   workload = 15

  classname = ALA 470
 department = ALA
      title = ALA Topics
classnumber = 470
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = ALA 471
 department = ALA
      title = Lead Commun Building
classnumber = 471
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ALA 472
 department = ALA
      title = Adv Lead Facil Comm
classnumber = 472
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = CLCIV 101
 department = CLCIV
      title = Anc Grk Wrld
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 58

  classname = CLCIV 120
 department = CLCIV
      title = CC Sem (Hu)
classnumber = 120
    credits = 3
   workload = 29

  classname = CLCIV 250
 department = CLCIV
      title = Topics in Anc World
classnumber = 250
    credits = 2
   workload = 17

  classname = CLCIV 257
 department = CLCIV
      title = Ancient Law
classnumber = 257
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = CLCIV 288
 department = CLCIV
      title = Ancient Phil
classnumber = 288
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = CLCIV 350
 department = CLCIV
      title = Classical Topics
classnumber = 350
    credits = 3
   workload = 11

  classname = CLCIV 392
 department = CLCIV
      title = Ancient Medicine
classnumber = 392
    credits = 4
   workload = 7

  classname = CLCIV 470
 department = CLCIV
      title = Topics in Antiquity
classnumber = 470
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = CLCIV 480
 department = CLCIV
      title = Antiquity
classnumber = 480
    credits = 1
   workload = 23

  classname = GTBOOKS 191
 department = GTBOOKS
      title = Honrs Grt Bks
classnumber = 191
    credits = 4
   workload = 62

  classname = MENAS 308
 department = MENAS
      title = Conflict and Comics
classnumber = 308
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = MENAS 332
 department = MENAS
      title = MENAS Topics in HU
classnumber = 332
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MENAS 461
 department = MENAS
      title = Earth Odysseys
classnumber = 461
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = MENAS 462
 department = MENAS
      title = Lrn Character Play
classnumber = 462
    credits = 1
   workload = 6

  classname = MENAS 463
 department = MENAS
      title = Arab-Israeli Conflic
classnumber = 463
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = MENAS 492
 department = MENAS
      title = Adv Topics in MENAS
classnumber = 492
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = MENAS 493
 department = MENAS
      title = ME Comp Perspectives
classnumber = 493
    credits = 1
   workload = 4

  classname = MENAS 593
 department = MENAS
      title = ME Comp Perspectives
classnumber = 593
    credits = 1
   workload = 8

  classname = RCNSCI 202
 department = RCNSCI
      title = Ecological Issues
classnumber = 202
    credits = 4
   workload = 5

  classname = RCNSCI 419
 department = RCNSCI
      title = Sus Energy Sys
classnumber = 419
    credits = 3
   workload = 22

  classname = AMCULT 102
 department = AMCULT
      title = First Year Sem
classnumber = 102
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = AMCULT 103
 department = AMCULT
      title = Am Std Fy Sem
classnumber = 103
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = AMCULT 204
 department = AMCULT
      title = Am Cult Thms
classnumber = 204
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = AMCULT 205
 department = AMCULT
      title = Amer Cultures
classnumber = 205
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = AMCULT 212
 department = AMCULT
      title = Motor Nation
classnumber = 212
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AMCULT 213
 department = AMCULT
      title = Intro Latina/o Study
classnumber = 213
    credits = 3
   workload = 23

  classname = AMCULT 214
 department = AMCULT
      title = Asian/Pacif Amer St
classnumber = 214
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = AMCULT 215
 department = AMCULT
      title = Intro Arab-Amer Std
classnumber = 215
    credits = 4
   workload = 2

  classname = AMCULT 216
 department = AMCULT
      title = American Muslims
classnumber = 216
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AMCULT 217
 department = AMCULT
      title = Nat Amer Std
classnumber = 217
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = AMCULT 222
 department = AMCULT
      title = Elementary Ojibwe I
classnumber = 222
    credits = 2
   workload = 4

  classname = AMCULT 224
 department = AMCULT
      title = Span Herit Lang
classnumber = 224
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AMCULT 240
 department = AMCULT
      title = Int Womn Gndr Stdy
classnumber = 240
    credits = 3
   workload = 21

  classname = AMCULT 244
 department = AMCULT
      title = Am Cent Art1893-1968
classnumber = 244
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = AMCULT 300
 department = AMCULT
      title = AMCULT Practices
classnumber = 300
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = AMCULT 304
 department = AMCULT
      title = Amer Immigration
classnumber = 304
    credits = 4
   workload = 13

  classname = AMCULT 310
 department = AMCULT
      title = Ethnic Studies
classnumber = 310
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = AMCULT 311
 department = AMCULT
      title = American Culture/HU
classnumber = 311
    credits = 1
   workload = 17

  classname = AMCULT 313
 department = AMCULT
      title = Cuba&its Diaspora
classnumber = 313
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = AMCULT 321
 department = AMCULT
      title = Detroit Initiative
classnumber = 321
    credits = 1
   workload = 25

  classname = AMCULT 322
 department = AMCULT
      title = Intermed Ojibwe I
classnumber = 322
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = AMCULT 328
 department = AMCULT
      title = Native Am Lit
classnumber = 328
    credits = 3
   workload = 29

  classname = AMCULT 347
 department = AMCULT
      title = Politics of Code
classnumber = 347
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = AMCULT 348
 department = AMCULT
      title = American Radicalism
classnumber = 348
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = AMCULT 359
 department = AMCULT
      title = South Asian Diaspora
classnumber = 359
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AMCULT 366
 department = AMCULT
      title = Sexuality/US Pop Cul
classnumber = 366
    credits = 3
   workload = 69

  classname = AMCULT 373
 department = AMCULT
      title = U.S. West
classnumber = 373
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = AMCULT 380
 department = AMCULT
      title = Transnatl Media
classnumber = 380
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = AMCULT 381
 department = AMCULT
      title = Latinas/os and Media
classnumber = 381
    credits = 3
   workload = 2

  classname = AMCULT 382
 department = AMCULT
      title = Muslim and Arab Lit
classnumber = 382
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = AMCULT 384
 department = AMCULT
      title = Islamophobia
classnumber = 384
    credits = 3
   workload = 3

  classname = AMCULT 387
 department = AMCULT
      title = Hist American Jews
classnumber = 387
    credits = 3
   workload = 27

  classname = AMCULT 404
 department = AMCULT
      title = Latina/o Americans
classnumber = 404
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AMCULT 405
 department = AMCULT
      title = Topics Amer Culture
classnumber = 405
    credits = 1
   workload = 30

  classname = AMCULT 420
 department = AMCULT
      title = Lat Amer Film
classnumber = 420
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = AMCULT 425
 department = AMCULT
      title = Fem Pract Oral Hist
classnumber = 425
    credits = 3
   workload = 29

  classname = AMCULT 433
 department = AMCULT
      title = Made in Detroit
classnumber = 433
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = AMCULT 498
 department = AMCULT
      title = Capstone Sem Am Cult
classnumber = 498
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = AMCULT 601
 department = AMCULT
      title = Topics Am Stds
classnumber = 601
    credits = 1
   workload = 37

  classname = AMCULT 618
 department = AMCULT
      title = Interdiscp Latino
classnumber = 618
    credits = 3
   workload = 46

  classname = AMCULT 697
 department = AMCULT
      title = Appr Amer Cult
classnumber = 697
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = AMCULT 828
 department = AMCULT
      title = Amcult Pedagogy
classnumber = 828
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = CMPLXSYS 196
 department = CMPLXSYS
      title = CMPLXSYS FY Seminar
classnumber = 196
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = CMPLXSYS 260
 department = CMPLXSYS
      title = Social Dynamics
classnumber = 260
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = CMPLXSYS 445
 department = CMPLXSYS
      title = Intro to Info Theory
classnumber = 445
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = CMPLXSYS 466
 department = CMPLXSYS
      title = Mathematical Ecology
classnumber = 466
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = CMPLXSYS 511
 department = CMPLXSYS
      title = Theory of CMPLXSYS
classnumber = 511
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = CMPLXSYS 535
 department = CMPLXSYS
      title = Thry Soc Tech Netwks
classnumber = 535
    credits = 3
   workload = 22

  classname = CMPLXSYS 541
 department = CMPLXSYS
      title = Nonlinear
classnumber = 541
    credits = 3
   workload = 42

  classname = HEBREW 101
 department = HEBREW
      title = Elem Mod Hebrew I
classnumber = 101
    credits = 5
   workload = 25

  classname = HEBREW 102
 department = HEBREW
      title = El Hebrew II
classnumber = 102
    credits = 5
   workload = 25

  classname = HEBREW 201
 department = HEBREW
      title = Intermed Hebrew I
classnumber = 201
    credits = 5
   workload = 37

  classname = HEBREW 202
 department = HEBREW
      title = IM Hebrew II
classnumber = 202
    credits = 5
   workload = 40

  classname = HEBREW 301
 department = HEBREW
      title = Advanced Hebrew I
classnumber = 301
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = HEBREW 410
 department = HEBREW
      title = Topics: Hebrew
classnumber = 410
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MIDEAST 200
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Intro to Middle East
classnumber = 200
    credits = 4
   workload = 20

  classname = MIDEAST 201
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Medical Trads in ME
classnumber = 201
    credits = 4
   workload = 15

  classname = MIDEAST 207
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Lnd Israel-Palestine
classnumber = 207
    credits = 3
   workload = 35

  classname = MIDEAST 214
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Bronze Age Collapse
classnumber = 214
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MIDEAST 222
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Armenian Experience
classnumber = 222
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MIDEAST 238
 department = MIDEAST
      title = The Historical Jesus
classnumber = 238
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = MIDEAST 243
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Anc Egyp World
classnumber = 243
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = MIDEAST 246
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Anc Hist of Turkey
classnumber = 246
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MIDEAST 275
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Intro Arab-Amer Std
classnumber = 275
    credits = 4
   workload = 2

  classname = MIDEAST 276
 department = MIDEAST
      title = What is Judaism?
classnumber = 276
    credits = 3
   workload = 4

  classname = MIDEAST 280
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Jewish Film
classnumber = 280
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = MIDEAST 285
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Visual Culture Islam
classnumber = 285
    credits = 4
   workload = 15

  classname = MIDEAST 295
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Sem in MidEast Stds
classnumber = 295
    credits = 3
   workload = 21

  classname = MIDEAST 308
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Conflict and Comics
classnumber = 308
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = MIDEAST 309
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Romance in MidEast
classnumber = 309
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MIDEAST 319
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Ottoman History I
classnumber = 319
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = MIDEAST 323
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Proph Muhammad Islam
classnumber = 323
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MIDEAST 325
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Arab Lit Trans
classnumber = 325
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = MIDEAST 331
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Iranian Cinema
classnumber = 331
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = MIDEAST 356
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Israeli Society
classnumber = 356
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MIDEAST 386
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Jews of Spain
classnumber = 386
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = MIDEAST 389
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Armenians in Turkey
classnumber = 389
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = MIDEAST 391
 department = MIDEAST
      title = HU Topics: MES
classnumber = 391
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = MIDEAST 411
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Mod Islamic Movement
classnumber = 411
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MIDEAST 424
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Isl Intell Hist
classnumber = 424
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MIDEAST 456
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Jewish Mysticism
classnumber = 456
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MIDEAST 483
 department = MIDEAST
      title = ME Comp Perspectives
classnumber = 483
    credits = 1
   workload = 4

  classname = MIDEAST 492
 department = MIDEAST
      title = MES Mini-course
classnumber = 492
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = MIDEAST 518
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Persian Texts
classnumber = 518
    credits = 3
   workload = 60

  classname = MIDEAST 522
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Mod Arabic Non-Fic
classnumber = 522
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MIDEAST 595
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Sem in MES: Hist/Cul
classnumber = 595
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = MIDEAST 698
 department = MIDEAST
      title = Research Methds
classnumber = 698
    credits = 3
   workload = 30

  classname = RCSSCI 250
 department = RCSSCI
      title = Topics in STP
classnumber = 250
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = RCSSCI 301
 department = RCSSCI
      title = Soc Sci Thr I
classnumber = 301
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = RCSSCI 312
 department = RCSSCI
      title = EnvirJus Org in Detr
classnumber = 312
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = RCSSCI 327
 department = RCSSCI
      title = Medicine & Healing
classnumber = 327
    credits = 4
   workload = 61

  classname = RCSSCI 357
 department = RCSSCI
      title = Hist&Thry Punishment
classnumber = 357
    credits = 4
   workload = 41

  classname = RCSSCI 360
 department = RCSSCI
      title = Soc Sc Jr Sem
classnumber = 360
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = RCSSCI 365
 department = RCSSCI
      title = Politics of Educ
classnumber = 365
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = RCSSCI 390
 department = RCSSCI
      title = Comm Learn in ESL
classnumber = 390
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = RCSSCI 460
 department = RCSSCI
      title = Soc Sc Sr Sem
classnumber = 460
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRARC 282
 department = ANTHRARC
      title = Doing Archaeology
classnumber = 282
    credits = 4
   workload = 2

  classname = ANTHRARC 385
 department = ANTHRARC
      title = Ar Early Hum
classnumber = 385
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = ANTHRARC 482
 department = ANTHRARC
      title = Archaeology Topics
classnumber = 482
    credits = 3
   workload = 21

  classname = ANTHRARC 581
 department = ANTHRARC
      title = Archaeology I
classnumber = 581
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = ANTHRARC 683
 department = ANTHRARC
      title = Topics Archaeology
classnumber = 683
    credits = 3
   workload = 2

  classname = ANTHRARC 770
 department = ANTHRARC
      title = Grad Proseminar
classnumber = 770
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = COGSCI 200
 department = COGSCI
      title = Intro to Cog Sci
classnumber = 200
    credits = 4
   workload = 5

  classname = COGSCI 209
 department = COGSCI
      title = Lang and Human Mind
classnumber = 209
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = HISTART 194
 department = HISTART
      title = First Yr Sem
classnumber = 194
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = HISTART 211
 department = HISTART
      title = Gen and Pop
classnumber = 211
    credits = 4
   workload = 4

  classname = HISTART 216
 department = HISTART
      title = Contested Spaces
classnumber = 216
    credits = 4
   workload = 31

  classname = HISTART 222
 department = HISTART
      title = Roman Arch
classnumber = 222
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = HISTART 244
 department = HISTART
      title = Am Cent Art1893-1968
classnumber = 244
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = HISTART 250
 department = HISTART
      title = Ital Renaissance Art
classnumber = 250
    credits = 4
   workload = 12

  classname = HISTART 271
 department = HISTART
      title = Modernism
classnumber = 271
    credits = 4
   workload = 6

  classname = HISTART 285
 department = HISTART
      title = Visual Culture Islam
classnumber = 285
    credits = 4
   workload = 15

  classname = HISTART 292
 department = HISTART
      title = Intro Japanese Art
classnumber = 292
    credits = 4
   workload = 6

  classname = HISTART 294
 department = HISTART
      title = Special Topics
classnumber = 294
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTART 343
 department = HISTART
      title = God, Love, and War
classnumber = 343
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = HISTART 346
 department = HISTART
      title = Moving Image MidAges
classnumber = 346
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTART 376
 department = HISTART
      title = Dada&Surreal
classnumber = 376
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTART 387
 department = HISTART
      title = Arc Anc Housing
classnumber = 387
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTART 393
 department = HISTART
      title = Undergrad Seminar
classnumber = 393
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = HISTART 394
 department = HISTART
      title = Spec Topics HU
classnumber = 394
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = HISTART 406
 department = HISTART
      title = African Things
classnumber = 406
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTART 431
 department = HISTART
      title = Made in Detroit
classnumber = 431
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTART 433
 department = HISTART
      title = Grk Sculpture
classnumber = 433
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = HISTART 440
 department = HISTART
      title = Cities-Greece
classnumber = 440
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = HISTART 489
 department = HISTART
      title = Special Topics
classnumber = 489
    credits = 1
   workload = 5

  classname = HISTART 497
 department = HISTART
      title = Upper-Level Seminar
classnumber = 497
    credits = 3
   workload = 30

  classname = HISTART 498
 department = HISTART
      title = Honor Colloquium
classnumber = 498
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTART 615
 department = HISTART
      title = 1st Yr Gr Sem
classnumber = 615
    credits = 2
   workload = 14

  classname = HISTART 646
 department = HISTART
      title = Probs-Medievl
classnumber = 646
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = HISTART 689
 department = HISTART
      title = Spcl Tpcs Hist Art
classnumber = 689
    credits = 3
   workload = 31

  classname = HISTART 815
 department = HISTART
      title = Hellenist City
classnumber = 815
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = HISTART 993
 department = HISTART
      title = Gsi Training
classnumber = 993
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = MUSEUMS 301
 department = MUSEUMS
      title = Museums & Society
classnumber = 301
    credits = 3
   workload = 4

  classname = MUSEUMS 498
 department = MUSEUMS
      title = Spec Museums Topics
classnumber = 498
    credits = 1
   workload = 18

  classname = REEES 214
 department = REEES
      title = Rock Poetry
classnumber = 214
    credits = 3
   workload = 2

  classname = REEES 230
 department = REEES
      title = REES Topics in HU
classnumber = 230
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = REEES 350
 department = REEES
      title = Holocaust Legacy
classnumber = 350
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = REEES 395
 department = REEES
      title = Russ&Sov Un
classnumber = 395
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = REEES 411
 department = REEES
      title = Mod Islamic Movement
classnumber = 411
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = REEES 601
 department = REEES
      title = REEES Core Colloq
classnumber = 601
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRBIO 166
 department = ANTHRBIO
      title = Human Origins
classnumber = 166
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRBIO 201
 department = ANTHRBIO
      title = How Humans Evolved
classnumber = 201
    credits = 4
   workload = 7

  classname = ANTHRBIO 365
 department = ANTHRBIO
      title = Human Evolution
classnumber = 365
    credits = 4
   workload = 9

  classname = ANTHRBIO 366
 department = ANTHRBIO
      title = Evolution-Human Body
classnumber = 366
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRBIO 368
 department = ANTHRBIO
      title = Primate Behavior
classnumber = 368
    credits = 4
   workload = 19

  classname = ANTHRBIO 371
 department = ANTHRBIO
      title = Tech Bio Ant
classnumber = 371
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRBIO 571
 department = ANTHRBIO
      title = Bio Anthro Seminar
classnumber = 571
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRBIO 665
 department = ANTHRBIO
      title = Human Evolution
classnumber = 665
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRBIO 668
 department = ANTHRBIO
      title = Primatology
classnumber = 668
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRBIO 770
 department = ANTHRBIO
      title = Grad Proseminar
classnumber = 770
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = COMM 101
 department = COMM
      title = Media, Past Present
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 10

  classname = COMM 102
 department = COMM
      title = Process & Effects
classnumber = 102
    credits = 4
   workload = 11

  classname = COMM 159
 department = COMM
      title = FYS in Media Issues
classnumber = 159
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = COMM 261
 department = COMM
      title = Views on the News
classnumber = 261
    credits = 4
   workload = 17

  classname = COMM 271
 department = COMM
      title = Comm Revolutions
classnumber = 271
    credits = 4
   workload = 33

  classname = COMM 290
 department = COMM
      title = Public Speaking
classnumber = 290
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = COMM 306
 department = COMM
      title = Media Topics in HU
classnumber = 306
    credits = 1
   workload = 10

  classname = COMM 307
 department = COMM
      title = Media Topics in SS
classnumber = 307
    credits = 1
   workload = 5

  classname = COMM 340
 department = COMM
      title = Gender and the Media
classnumber = 340
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = COMM 370
 department = COMM
      title = Social Networks
classnumber = 370
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = COMM 375
 department = COMM
      title = Sports,Media&Culture
classnumber = 375
    credits = 4
   workload = 12

  classname = COMM 432
 department = COMM
      title = ForeignNews Coverage
classnumber = 432
    credits = 3
   workload = 21

  classname = COMM 439
 department = COMM
      title = Journalism Perf
classnumber = 439
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = COMM 451
 department = COMM
      title = Sr Thesis Sem
classnumber = 451
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = COMM 490
 department = COMM
      title = Capstone Media Topic
classnumber = 490
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = COMM 491
 department = COMM
      title = Sr Honors I
classnumber = 491
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = COMM 698
 department = COMM
      title = Plng First Yr Proj
classnumber = 698
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = COMM 775
 department = COMM
      title = Media Theory-Humanit
classnumber = 775
    credits = 3
   workload = 73

  classname = COMM 783
 department = COMM
      title = Research Methods II
classnumber = 783
    credits = 3
   workload = 22

  classname = COMM 820
 department = COMM
      title = Topics in Hum Trad
classnumber = 820
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = COMM 840
 department = COMM
      title = Topics Soc Sci Trad
classnumber = 840
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = COMM 993
 department = COMM
      title = Sem-Instrs
classnumber = 993
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 101
 department = HISTORY
      title = What is History?
classnumber = 101
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = HISTORY 105
 department = HISTORY
      title = Intro to Religion
classnumber = 105
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = HISTORY 196
 department = HISTORY
      title = 1st Yr SS Seminar
classnumber = 196
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = HISTORY 197
 department = HISTORY
      title = 1st Year HU Seminar
classnumber = 197
    credits = 3
   workload = 27

  classname = HISTORY 200
 department = HISTORY
      title = Ancient Greece
classnumber = 200
    credits = 4
   workload = 35

  classname = HISTORY 202
 department = HISTORY
      title = Doing History
classnumber = 202
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = HISTORY 204
 department = HISTORY
      title = E Asia:Early Trans
classnumber = 204
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = HISTORY 206
 department = HISTORY
      title = Indian Civilization
classnumber = 206
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = HISTORY 207
 department = HISTORY
      title = Southeast Asian Civ
classnumber = 207
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = HISTORY 210
 department = HISTORY
      title = Early Med Europe
classnumber = 210
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = HISTORY 219
 department = HISTORY
      title = Philippine Cult&Hist
classnumber = 219
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = HISTORY 236
 department = HISTORY
      title = Environmnt & History
classnumber = 236
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 239
 department = HISTORY
      title = World Before 1492
classnumber = 239
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = HISTORY 240
 department = HISTORY
      title = The World Since 1492
classnumber = 240
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = HISTORY 241
 department = HISTORY
      title = Amer&MidEast Wars
classnumber = 241
    credits = 4
   workload = 43

  classname = HISTORY 242
 department = HISTORY
      title = Medical Trads in ME
classnumber = 242
    credits = 4
   workload = 15

  classname = HISTORY 246
 department = HISTORY
      title = Africa to 1850
classnumber = 246
    credits = 3
   workload = 23

  classname = HISTORY 250
 department = HISTORY
      title = China to Opm War
classnumber = 250
    credits = 3
   workload = 11

  classname = HISTORY 252
 department = HISTORY
      title = Intro to Chinese Civ
classnumber = 252
    credits = 4
   workload = 18

  classname = HISTORY 257
 department = HISTORY
      title = Ancient Law
classnumber = 257
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = HISTORY 260
 department = HISTORY
      title = U S to 1865
classnumber = 260
    credits = 3
   workload = 36

  classname = HISTORY 266
 department = HISTORY
      title = 20 C Am Wars
classnumber = 266
    credits = 3
   workload = 35

  classname = HISTORY 273
 department = HISTORY
      title = Anc Hist of Turkey
classnumber = 273
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 292
 department = HISTORY
      title = Ancient Medicine
classnumber = 292
    credits = 4
   workload = 7

  classname = HISTORY 293
 department = HISTORY
      title = Anc Egyp World
classnumber = 293
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 294
 department = HISTORY
      title = Explorations in Hist
classnumber = 294
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 305
 department = HISTORY
      title = American Addictions
classnumber = 305
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = HISTORY 309
 department = HISTORY
      title = After Alexander
classnumber = 309
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 310
 department = HISTORY
      title = Atlantic Slavery
classnumber = 310
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 312
 department = HISTORY
      title = European Integration
classnumber = 312
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 318
 department = HISTORY
      title = Europe-1945
classnumber = 318
    credits = 3
   workload = 45

  classname = HISTORY 320
 department = HISTORY
      title = Britain 1901-1939
classnumber = 320
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = HISTORY 328
 department = HISTORY
      title = HU History Topics
classnumber = 328
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = HISTORY 332
 department = HISTORY
      title = Russ&Sov Un
classnumber = 332
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = HISTORY 346
 department = HISTORY
      title = American Radicalism
classnumber = 346
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = HISTORY 347
 department = HISTORY
      title = Colonial Latin Amer
classnumber = 347
    credits = 4
   workload = 11

  classname = HISTORY 349
 department = HISTORY
      title = Rev Movmnts Latin Am
classnumber = 349
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = HISTORY 353
 department = HISTORY
      title = Sexuality/US Pop Cul
classnumber = 353
    credits = 3
   workload = 69

  classname = HISTORY 354
 department = HISTORY
      title = War & Revol in China
classnumber = 354
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = HISTORY 360
 department = HISTORY
      title = September 11
classnumber = 360
    credits = 3
   workload = 53

  classname = HISTORY 362
 department = HISTORY
      title = Lit in African Hist
classnumber = 362
    credits = 3
   workload = 64

  classname = HISTORY 373
 department = HISTORY
      title = U.S. West
classnumber = 373
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = HISTORY 386
 department = HISTORY
      title = The Holocaust
classnumber = 386
    credits = 4
   workload = 10

  classname = HISTORY 387
 department = HISTORY
      title = Hist American Jews
classnumber = 387
    credits = 3
   workload = 27

  classname = HISTORY 388
 department = HISTORY
      title = Blk Feminist Thought
classnumber = 388
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 389
 department = HISTORY
      title = Armenians in Turkey
classnumber = 389
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = HISTORY 399
 department = HISTORY
      title = Topics in History
classnumber = 399
    credits = 3
   workload = 32

  classname = HISTORY 407
 department = HISTORY
      title = Compar Hist Adv Sem
classnumber = 407
    credits = 3
   workload = 42

  classname = HISTORY 411
 department = HISTORY
      title = Pol Civil Liberties
classnumber = 411
    credits = 4
   workload = 51

  classname = HISTORY 416
 department = HISTORY
      title = 19C Intell Hist
classnumber = 416
    credits = 3
   workload = 39

  classname = HISTORY 421
 department = HISTORY
      title = Afdiaspora Religions
classnumber = 421
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 422
 department = HISTORY
      title = Indian Rel/West Thot
classnumber = 422
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = HISTORY 433
 department = HISTORY
      title = Russia Under Tsars
classnumber = 433
    credits = 3
   workload = 50

  classname = HISTORY 441
 department = HISTORY
      title = HistoryLabs I
classnumber = 441
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 449
 department = HISTORY
      title = Mid East Topics
classnumber = 449
    credits = 3
   workload = 42

  classname = HISTORY 450
 department = HISTORY
      title = Japan to 1700
classnumber = 450
    credits = 3
   workload = 55

  classname = HISTORY 469
 department = HISTORY
      title = Precolonial SE Asia
classnumber = 469
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 472
 department = HISTORY
      title = Asian History Topics
classnumber = 472
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 474
 department = HISTORY
      title = What is Marriage?
classnumber = 474
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 476
 department = HISTORY
      title = Amer Bus History
classnumber = 476
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = HISTORY 487
 department = HISTORY
      title = Convers & Christnty
classnumber = 487
    credits = 3
   workload = 40

  classname = HISTORY 491
 department = HISTORY
      title = HistoryLabs II
classnumber = 491
    credits = 3
   workload = 100

  classname = HISTORY 497
 department = HISTORY
      title = Hist Colloquium
classnumber = 497
    credits = 3
   workload = 42

  classname = HISTORY 499
 department = HISTORY
      title = Sr Honors Colloquium
classnumber = 499
    credits = 1
   workload = 59

  classname = HISTORY 539
 department = HISTORY
      title = Documentary Chinese
classnumber = 539
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = HISTORY 557
 department = HISTORY
      title = Colonial Latin Amer
classnumber = 557
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = HISTORY 592
 department = HISTORY
      title = Asian Topics
classnumber = 592
    credits = 3
   workload = 27

  classname = HISTORY 594
 department = HISTORY
      title = Topics in History
classnumber = 594
    credits = 3
   workload = 37

  classname = HISTORY 600
 department = HISTORY
      title = Records & Archives
classnumber = 600
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = HISTORY 615
 department = HISTORY
      title = Int Comparatv Std
classnumber = 615
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = HISTORY 622
 department = HISTORY
      title = Topc Wrld Ec Hist I
classnumber = 622
    credits = 3
   workload = 30

  classname = HISTORY 698
 department = HISTORY
      title = Topics in History
classnumber = 698
    credits = 3
   workload = 37

  classname = HISTORY 748
 department = HISTORY
      title = Sem-Anth & Hist II
classnumber = 748
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 796
 department = HISTORY
      title = Topics in History
classnumber = 796
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 807
 department = HISTORY
      title = Grad School&Beyond I
classnumber = 807
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 809
 department = HISTORY
      title = History Pedagogy II
classnumber = 809
    credits = 1
   workload = 13

  classname = HISTORY 830
 department = HISTORY
      title = Anthro/Hist Workshop
classnumber = 830
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 891
 department = HISTORY
      title = Diss Res/Writing Sem
classnumber = 891
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = HISTORY 898
 department = HISTORY
      title = Dissertatn Colloq
classnumber = 898
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = MUSMETH 405
 department = MUSMETH
      title = Special Prob
classnumber = 405
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = RELIGION 202
 department = RELIGION
      title = Phil&Rel in Asia
classnumber = 202
    credits = 4
   workload = 8

  classname = RELIGION 210
 department = RELIGION
      title = Intmd Class Hebrew I
classnumber = 210
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = RELIGION 225
 department = RELIGION
      title = Intro to Hinduism
classnumber = 225
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = RELIGION 230
 department = RELIGION
      title = Intro to Buddhism
classnumber = 230
    credits = 4
   workload = 7

  classname = RELIGION 234
 department = RELIGION
      title = Buddhism and Death
classnumber = 234
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = RELIGION 258
 department = RELIGION
      title = The Bible as Lit
classnumber = 258
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = RELIGION 277
 department = RELIGION
      title = Lnd Israel-Palestine
classnumber = 277
    credits = 3
   workload = 35

  classname = RELIGION 280
 department = RELIGION
      title = The Historical Jesus
classnumber = 280
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = RELIGION 346
 department = RELIGION
      title = Moving Image MidAges
classnumber = 346
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = RELIGION 400
 department = RELIGION
      title = Indian Rel/West Thot
classnumber = 400
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = RELIGION 421
 department = RELIGION
      title = Afdiaspora Religions
classnumber = 421
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = RELIGION 461
 department = RELIGION
      title = Isl Intell Hist
classnumber = 461
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = RELIGION 469
 department = RELIGION
      title = Jewish Mysticism
classnumber = 469
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRCUL 101
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Intro Anthro
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 4

  classname = ANTHRCUL 158
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = 1st Yr Sem Anthro
classnumber = 158
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = ANTHRCUL 222
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Comp Std Cul
classnumber = 222
    credits = 2
   workload = 15

  classname = ANTHRCUL 235
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Crime and Punishment
classnumber = 235
    credits = 4
   workload = 12

  classname = ANTHRCUL 314
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Cuba&its Diaspora
classnumber = 314
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = ANTHRCUL 327
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Medicine & Healing
classnumber = 327
    credits = 4
   workload = 61

  classname = ANTHRCUL 330
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Thought&Mean
classnumber = 330
    credits = 4
   workload = 24

  classname = ANTHRCUL 346
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Colonial Latin Amer
classnumber = 346
    credits = 4
   workload = 11

  classname = ANTHRCUL 356
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Topics-Sociocul Anth
classnumber = 356
    credits = 3
   workload = 32

  classname = ANTHRCUL 357
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Ug Sem-Sociocul Anth
classnumber = 357
    credits = 2
   workload = 14

  classname = ANTHRCUL 374
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Language&Culture
classnumber = 374
    credits = 4
   workload = 13

  classname = ANTHRCUL 450
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Anthro of Insurgency
classnumber = 450
    credits = 3
   workload = 67

  classname = ANTHRCUL 454
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = What is Marriage?
classnumber = 454
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRCUL 458
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Anthropology Topics
classnumber = 458
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = ANTHRCUL 476
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Nonverbal Comm
classnumber = 476
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRCUL 504
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Southeast Asia
classnumber = 504
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRCUL 526
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Traditn Ethnology I
classnumber = 526
    credits = 4
   workload = 51

  classname = ANTHRCUL 546
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Int Ethnomus
classnumber = 546
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = ANTHRCUL 548
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Med Anth Theory&Prac
classnumber = 548
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = ANTHRCUL 558
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Issues-Sociocul Anth
classnumber = 558
    credits = 3
   workload = 32

  classname = ANTHRCUL 572
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Socioling
classnumber = 572
    credits = 2
   workload = 43

  classname = ANTHRCUL 576
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Intro to Ling Anthro
classnumber = 576
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = ANTHRCUL 675
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Anthro Ling
classnumber = 675
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRCUL 748
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Sem-Anth & Hist II
classnumber = 748
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRCUL 759
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Sociocul Workshop
classnumber = 759
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRCUL 770
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Grad Proseminar
classnumber = 770
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRCUL 777
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Ling Anth Lab
classnumber = 777
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRCUL 797
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Sociocultural Lab
classnumber = 797
    credits = 1
   workload = 8

  classname = ANTHRCUL 830
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Anthro/Hist Workshop
classnumber = 830
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ANTHRCUL 993
 department = ANTHRCUL
      title = Gsi Training
classnumber = 993
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = COMPLIT 100
 department = COMPLIT
      title = Global X
classnumber = 100
    credits = 2
   workload = 15

  classname = COMPLIT 122
 department = COMPLIT
      title = Writing World Lits
classnumber = 122
    credits = 4
   workload = 22

  classname = COMPLIT 140
 department = COMPLIT
      title = 1st Yr Literary Sem
classnumber = 140
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = COMPLIT 141
 department = COMPLIT
      title = Great Performances
classnumber = 141
    credits = 4
   workload = 27

  classname = COMPLIT 240
 department = COMPLIT
      title = Lit Across Borders
classnumber = 240
    credits = 2
   workload = 48

  classname = COMPLIT 364
 department = COMPLIT
      title = Movements&Periods
classnumber = 364
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = COMPLIT 376
 department = COMPLIT
      title = Lit and Ideas
classnumber = 376
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = COMPLIT 382
 department = COMPLIT
      title = Lit&Other Arts
classnumber = 382
    credits = 3
   workload = 11

  classname = COMPLIT 495
 department = COMPLIT
      title = Sr Seminar
classnumber = 495
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = COMPLIT 600
 department = COMPLIT
      title = Top in Theory
classnumber = 600
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = COMPLIT 601
 department = COMPLIT
      title = CompLit Prelim Prep1
classnumber = 601
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = COMPLIT 630
 department = COMPLIT
      title = Special Topics
classnumber = 630
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = COMPLIT 780
 department = COMPLIT
      title = Sem in Translation
classnumber = 780
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = COMPLIT 790
 department = COMPLIT
      title = Sem Theory
classnumber = 790
    credits = 2
   workload = 31

  classname = HONORS 135
 department = HONORS
      title = Ideas in Honors
classnumber = 135
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = HONORS 170
 department = HONORS
      title = First Yr Experience
classnumber = 170
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = HONORS 230
 department = HONORS
      title = Honors Core SS
classnumber = 230
    credits = 4
   workload = 14

  classname = HONORS 240
 department = HONORS
      title = Hon Core Writing SS
classnumber = 240
    credits = 4
   workload = 12

  classname = HONORS 250
 department = HONORS
      title = Hon Sem Soc Sci
classnumber = 250
    credits = 3
   workload = 41

  classname = NATIVEAM 217
 department = NATIVEAM
      title = Nat Amer Std
classnumber = 217
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = NATIVEAM 222
 department = NATIVEAM
      title = Elementary Ojibwe I
classnumber = 222
    credits = 2
   workload = 4

  classname = NATIVEAM 322
 department = NATIVEAM
      title = Intermed Ojibwe I
classnumber = 322
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = NATIVEAM 328
 department = NATIVEAM
      title = Native Am Lit
classnumber = 328
    credits = 3
   workload = 29

  classname = NATIVEAM 373
 department = NATIVEAM
      title = U.S. West
classnumber = 373
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = ROMLANG 498
 department = ROMLANG
      title = Senior Seminar RLL
classnumber = 498
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ROMLANG 528
 department = ROMLANG
      title = Teach Rom Lang
classnumber = 528
    credits = 3
   workload = 3

  classname = ROMLANG 681
 department = ROMLANG
      title = Intro Grad St
classnumber = 681
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = APPPHYS 514
 department = APPPHYS
      title = Appl Phy Sem
classnumber = 514
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = APPPHYS 530
 department = APPPHYS
      title = Electromag Thry I
classnumber = 530
    credits = 3
   workload = 66

  classname = APPPHYS 537
 department = APPPHYS
      title = Classical Optics
classnumber = 537
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = APPPHYS 540
 department = APPPHYS
      title = Appl Quant Mech I
classnumber = 540
    credits = 3
   workload = 50

  classname = APPPHYS 550
 department = APPPHYS
      title = Opt Wave Crystals
classnumber = 550
    credits = 3
   workload = 28

  classname = APPPHYS 552
 department = APPPHYS
      title = Fib Opt:Intrnt Biomd
classnumber = 552
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = APPPHYS 576
 department = APPPHYS
      title = Statistical Mech
classnumber = 576
    credits = 3
   workload = 28

  classname = APPPHYS 619
 department = APPPHYS
      title = Solid State
classnumber = 619
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = CSP 100
 department = CSP
      title = CSP Reading Sem
classnumber = 100
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = CSP 101
 department = CSP
      title = CSP: College Success
classnumber = 101
    credits = 1
   workload = 4

  classname = CSP 105
 department = CSP
      title = Read&Wrt Sem
classnumber = 105
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = INSTHUM 311
 department = INSTHUM
      title = Interdis Stu
classnumber = 311
    credits = 1
   workload = 35

  classname = INSTHUM 411
 department = INSTHUM
      title = Interdis Stds
classnumber = 411
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = INSTHUM 511
 department = INSTHUM
      title = Intrdisc Stds
classnumber = 511
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ORGSTUDY 305
 department = ORGSTUDY
      title = Inside Organizations
classnumber = 305
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = ORGSTUDY 310
 department = ORGSTUDY
      title = Formal Org&Environ
classnumber = 310
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = ORGSTUDY 410
 department = ORGSTUDY
      title = Adv Lab Org Studies
classnumber = 410
    credits = 4
   workload = 62

  classname = ORGSTUDY 420
 department = ORGSTUDY
      title = Nonprofit Orgs
classnumber = 420
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = ORGSTUDY 435
 department = ORGSTUDY
      title = Strategic Org Change
classnumber = 435
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ORGSTUDY 450
 department = ORGSTUDY
      title = Tech Innovation
classnumber = 450
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ORGSTUDY 490
 department = ORGSTUDY
      title = Adv Research Team
classnumber = 490
    credits = 1
   workload = 8

  classname = ORGSTUDY 495
 department = ORGSTUDY
      title = Special Topics
classnumber = 495
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = ROMLING 298
 department = ROMLING
      title = Intro Spanish Ling
classnumber = 298
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = ROMLING 411
 department = ROMLING
      title = Advanced Syntax
classnumber = 411
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = ARABAM 215
 department = ARABAM
      title = Intro Arab-Amer Std
classnumber = 215
    credits = 4
   workload = 2

  classname = ARABAM 216
 department = ARABAM
      title = American Muslims
classnumber = 216
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ARABAM 311
 department = ARABAM
      title = Arab Amer Stud/HU
classnumber = 311
    credits = 1
   workload = 12

  classname = ARABAM 378
 department = ARABAM
      title = Muslim and Arab Lit
classnumber = 378
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = ARABAM 384
 department = ARABAM
      title = Islamophobia
classnumber = 384
    credits = 3
   workload = 3

  classname = ARABAM 498
 department = ARABAM
      title = Seminar in Arab Amer
classnumber = 498
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = ARABAM 601
 department = ARABAM
      title = Topics Arab Am Stds
classnumber = 601
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = CZECH 141
 department = CZECH
      title = First Year Czech
classnumber = 141
    credits = 4
   workload = 50

  classname = CZECH 241
 department = CZECH
      title = Second Yr Czech
classnumber = 241
    credits = 4
   workload = 53

  classname = CZECH 541
 department = CZECH
      title = First Year Czech I
classnumber = 541
    credits = 4
   workload = 50

  classname = CZECH 543
 department = CZECH
      title = Second-Year Czech I
classnumber = 543
    credits = 4
   workload = 33

  classname = INTLRGN 501
 department = INTLRGN
      title = Research Design I
classnumber = 501
    credits = 1
   workload = 40

  classname = INTLRGN 600
 department = INTLRGN
      title = MIRS Grad Colloquium
classnumber = 600
    credits = 1
   workload = 38

  classname = PERSIAN 101
 department = PERSIAN
      title = Elementary Persian I
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 2

  classname = PERSIAN 201
 department = PERSIAN
      title = Intermed Persian I
classnumber = 201
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = RUSSIAN 101
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = First-Year
classnumber = 101
    credits = 5
   workload = 44

  classname = RUSSIAN 103
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Int First Yr
classnumber = 103
    credits = 8
   workload = 69

  classname = RUSSIAN 125
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Russian Heritage I
classnumber = 125
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = RUSSIAN 201
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Second-Year
classnumber = 201
    credits = 4
   workload = 30

  classname = RUSSIAN 231
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Russ Cult&Soc
classnumber = 231
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = RUSSIAN 301
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Third Yr Russian
classnumber = 301
    credits = 4
   workload = 21

  classname = RUSSIAN 347
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Survey Russ Lit
classnumber = 347
    credits = 4
   workload = 63

  classname = RUSSIAN 352
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Russian Lit - 18 C
classnumber = 352
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = RUSSIAN 358
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Russ/Cent Asia Cult
classnumber = 358
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = RUSSIAN 401
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Fourth Year Russ
classnumber = 401
    credits = 4
   workload = 7

  classname = RUSSIAN 511
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = First-Year Russian I
classnumber = 511
    credits = 5
   workload = 46

  classname = RUSSIAN 513
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Second-Yr Russian I
classnumber = 513
    credits = 4
   workload = 30

  classname = RUSSIAN 515
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Third-Year Russian I
classnumber = 515
    credits = 4
   workload = 15

  classname = RUSSIAN 517
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Fourth-Yr Russian I
classnumber = 517
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = RUSSIAN 519
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Fifth-Year Russian
classnumber = 519
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = RUSSIAN 524
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Russian Heritage I
classnumber = 524
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = RUSSIAN 552
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Literature-18th C
classnumber = 552
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = RUSSIAN 558
 department = RUSSIAN
      title = Russia/Cent Asia Cul
classnumber = 558
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = ARABIC 101
 department = ARABIC
      title = Elementary Arabic I
classnumber = 101
    credits = 5
   workload = 67

  classname = ARABIC 201
 department = ARABIC
      title = Intermed Arabic I
classnumber = 201
    credits = 5
   workload = 76

  classname = ARABIC 401
 department = ARABIC
      title = Advanced Arabic I
classnumber = 401
    credits = 5
   workload = 67

  classname = ARABIC 501
 department = ARABIC
      title = Adv Arabic Conv&Comp
classnumber = 501
    credits = 3
   workload = 32

  classname = ARABIC 506
 department = ARABIC
      title = Arab Phono&Morpho
classnumber = 506
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = ARABIC 606
 department = ARABIC
      title = Arabic Phono&Morph
classnumber = 606
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = ARABIC 612
 department = ARABIC
      title = Arab Teaching Method
classnumber = 612
    credits = 4
   workload = 67

  classname = DATASCI 101
 department = DATASCI
      title = Intro Data Science
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = DATASCI 406
 department = DATASCI
      title = Computational Method
classnumber = 406
    credits = 3
   workload = 39

  classname = DATASCI 413
 department = DATASCI
      title = Appl Regression
classnumber = 413
    credits = 4
   workload = 15

  classname = DATASCI 415
 department = DATASCI
      title = Data Mining
classnumber = 415
    credits = 4
   workload = 19

  classname = DATASCI 485
 department = DATASCI
      title = Capstone Seminar
classnumber = 485
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = DATASCI 500
 department = DATASCI
      title = Stat Learn I:Regress
classnumber = 500
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = DATASCI 501
 department = DATASCI
      title = Applied Stat II
classnumber = 501
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = DATASCI 504
 department = DATASCI
      title = Prac Comm Appl Stat
classnumber = 504
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = DATASCI 506
 department = DATASCI
      title = Comp Methods&Tools
classnumber = 506
    credits = 3
   workload = 58

  classname = DATASCI 507
 department = DATASCI
      title = Data Sci in Python
classnumber = 507
    credits = 3
   workload = 42

  classname = DATASCI 600
 department = DATASCI
      title = Regression Analysis
classnumber = 600
    credits = 4
   workload = 19

  classname = DATASCI 604
 department = DATASCI
      title = Statistical Practice
classnumber = 604
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = INTLSTD 101
 department = INTLSTD
      title = Int to Intnl Studies
classnumber = 101
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = INTLSTD 170
 department = INTLSTD
      title = INTLSTD Spec Topics
classnumber = 170
    credits = 1
   workload = 5

  classname = INTLSTD 205
 department = INTLSTD
      title = What is History?
classnumber = 205
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = INTLSTD 301
 department = INTLSTD
      title = Topics Int'l Studies
classnumber = 301
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = INTLSTD 310
 department = INTLSTD
      title = Atlantic Slavery
classnumber = 310
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = INTLSTD 384
 department = INTLSTD
      title = Intl Topics in HU
classnumber = 384
    credits = 1
   workload = 41

  classname = INTLSTD 385
 department = INTLSTD
      title = Intl Topics in SS
classnumber = 385
    credits = 1
   workload = 27

  classname = INTLSTD 401
 department = INTLSTD
      title = IS Advanced Seminar
classnumber = 401
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = INTLSTD 498
 department = INTLSTD
      title = Senior Honors
classnumber = 498
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PHIL 101
 department = PHIL
      title = Intro to Phil
classnumber = 101
    credits = 2
   workload = 11

  classname = PHIL 110
 department = PHIL
      title = Intro to Ethics
classnumber = 110
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PHIL 183
 department = PHIL
      title = Critical Reasoning
classnumber = 183
    credits = 2
   workload = 8

  classname = PHIL 196
 department = PHIL
      title = First Yr Sem
classnumber = 196
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = PHIL 230
 department = PHIL
      title = Intro to Buddhism
classnumber = 230
    credits = 4
   workload = 7

  classname = PHIL 250
 department = PHIL
      title = Changing the World
classnumber = 250
    credits = 2
   workload = 11

  classname = PHIL 263
 department = PHIL
      title = Chinese Philosophy
classnumber = 263
    credits = 4
   workload = 14

  classname = PHIL 288
 department = PHIL
      title = Ancient Phil
classnumber = 288
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = PHIL 340
 department = PHIL
      title = Mind & Machine
classnumber = 340
    credits = 2
   workload = 8

  classname = PHIL 355
 department = PHIL
      title = Contem Moral Prob
classnumber = 355
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = PHIL 356
 department = PHIL
      title = Issues-Bioethics
classnumber = 356
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = PHIL 361
 department = PHIL
      title = Ethics
classnumber = 361
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = PHIL 401
 department = PHIL
      title = Ug Honors Seminar
classnumber = 401
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = PHIL 443
 department = PHIL
      title = Ratl Choice
classnumber = 443
    credits = 3
   workload = 27

  classname = PHIL 514
 department = PHIL
      title = Kant
classnumber = 514
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = PHIL 530
 department = PHIL
      title = Epistemology
classnumber = 530
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = PHIL 597
 department = PHIL
      title = Proseminar
classnumber = 597
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = PHIL 602
 department = PHIL
      title = Phil of Science
classnumber = 602
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = PHIL 640
 department = PHIL
      title = Ethics
classnumber = 640
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = PHIL 697
 department = PHIL
      title = Candidacy Sem
classnumber = 697
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = SCAND 103
 department = SCAND
      title = Elem Swedish
classnumber = 103
    credits = 4
   workload = 20

  classname = SCAND 233
 department = SCAND
      title = 2nd Year Swedish
classnumber = 233
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = SCAND 325
 department = SCAND
      title = Third Year Swedish
classnumber = 325
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = SCAND 375
 department = SCAND
      title = Celtic&Nordic Myth
classnumber = 375
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = ARMENIAN 101
 department = ARMENIAN
      title = West Armenian I
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 36

  classname = ARMENIAN 201
 department = ARMENIAN
      title = Inter West Armen I
classnumber = 201
    credits = 4
   workload = 11

  classname = ARMENIAN 389
 department = ARMENIAN
      title = Armenians in Turkey
classnumber = 389
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = DIGITAL 158
 department = DIGITAL
      title = FYS Digital Studies
classnumber = 158
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = DIGITAL 347
 department = DIGITAL
      title = Politics of Code
classnumber = 347
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = DIGITAL 355
 department = DIGITAL
      title = Topics Dig Creat Exp
classnumber = 355
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = DIGITAL 366
 department = DIGITAL
      title = Digital Studies/ID
classnumber = 366
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = DIGITAL 368
 department = DIGITAL
      title = Digital Media Stds
classnumber = 368
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = DIGITAL 380
 department = DIGITAL
      title = Transnatl Media
classnumber = 380
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = DIGITAL 411
 department = DIGITAL
      title = Becoming Digital
classnumber = 411
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ISLAM 241
 department = ISLAM
      title = Amer&MidEast Wars
classnumber = 241
    credits = 4
   workload = 43

  classname = ISLAM 285
 department = ISLAM
      title = Visual Culture Islam
classnumber = 285
    credits = 4
   workload = 15

  classname = ISLAM 292
 department = ISLAM
      title = HU Topics in Islam
classnumber = 292
    credits = 1
   workload = 29

  classname = ISLAM 319
 department = ISLAM
      title = Ottoman History I
classnumber = 319
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = ISLAM 323
 department = ISLAM
      title = Proph Muhammad Islam
classnumber = 323
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ISLAM 378
 department = ISLAM
      title = Muslim and Arab Lit
classnumber = 378
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ISLAM 390
 department = ISLAM
      title = Topics in Islam
classnumber = 390
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = ISLAM 392
 department = ISLAM
      title = HU Topics in Islam
classnumber = 392
    credits = 1
   workload = 7

  classname = ISLAM 411
 department = ISLAM
      title = Mod Islamic Movement
classnumber = 411
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ISLAM 424
 department = ISLAM
      title = Isl Intell Hist
classnumber = 424
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PHYSICS 106
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Everyday Phy
classnumber = 106
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = PHYSICS 115
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Principles of Phys
classnumber = 115
    credits = 2
   workload = 36

  classname = PHYSICS 121
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Physics Arch Design
classnumber = 121
    credits = 5
   workload = 8

  classname = PHYSICS 140
 department = PHYSICS
      title = General Phys I
classnumber = 140
    credits = 4
   workload = 52

  classname = PHYSICS 141
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Elem Lab I
classnumber = 141
    credits = 1
   workload = 12

  classname = PHYSICS 150
 department = PHYSICS
      title = FundPhysics LifeScI
classnumber = 150
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = PHYSICS 151
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Life Sciences Lab I
classnumber = 151
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = PHYSICS 160
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Honors Physics I
classnumber = 160
    credits = 4
   workload = 69

  classname = PHYSICS 161
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Honors Mechanics Lab
classnumber = 161
    credits = 1
   workload = 17

  classname = PHYSICS 169
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Physical Universe
classnumber = 169
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = PHYSICS 210
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Energy
classnumber = 210
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = PHYSICS 240
 department = PHYSICS
      title = General Physics II
classnumber = 240
    credits = 4
   workload = 39

  classname = PHYSICS 241
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Elem Lab II
classnumber = 241
    credits = 1
   workload = 10

  classname = PHYSICS 250
 department = PHYSICS
      title = FundPhysics LifeScII
classnumber = 250
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = PHYSICS 251
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Life Sciences Lab II
classnumber = 251
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = PHYSICS 260
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Honors Physics II
classnumber = 260
    credits = 4
   workload = 59

  classname = PHYSICS 340
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Waves Light
classnumber = 340
    credits = 3
   workload = 31

  classname = PHYSICS 351
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Meth Theoretical I
classnumber = 351
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = PHYSICS 360
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Honors Physics III
classnumber = 360
    credits = 4
   workload = 19

  classname = PHYSICS 370
 department = PHYSICS
      title = PhysChem Princip
classnumber = 370
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = PHYSICS 390
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Intro Modern Phys
classnumber = 390
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = PHYSICS 391
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Modern Physics Lab
classnumber = 391
    credits = 2
   workload = 71

  classname = PHYSICS 401
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Mechanics
classnumber = 401
    credits = 4
   workload = 24

  classname = PHYSICS 402
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Optics
classnumber = 402
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = PHYSICS 405
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Electric-Magnet
classnumber = 405
    credits = 4
   workload = 38

  classname = PHYSICS 406
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Stat&Thermal Phys
classnumber = 406
    credits = 4
   workload = 18

  classname = PHYSICS 411
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Intro Comp Physic
classnumber = 411
    credits = 3
   workload = 37

  classname = PHYSICS 413
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Nonlinear
classnumber = 413
    credits = 3
   workload = 42

  classname = PHYSICS 435
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Gravitational Phy
classnumber = 435
    credits = 3
   workload = 64

  classname = PHYSICS 438
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Elecmag Radiation
classnumber = 438
    credits = 3
   workload = 62

  classname = PHYSICS 441
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Adv Lab I
classnumber = 441
    credits = 3
   workload = 56

  classname = PHYSICS 442
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Adv Lab II
classnumber = 442
    credits = 3
   workload = 56

  classname = PHYSICS 445
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Intro to Info Theory
classnumber = 445
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PHYSICS 450
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Lab Techniq BIOPHYS
classnumber = 450
    credits = 3
   workload = 45

  classname = PHYSICS 453
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Quantum Mechanics
classnumber = 453
    credits = 4
   workload = 21

  classname = PHYSICS 501
 department = PHYSICS
      title = First Yr Mini-Colloq
classnumber = 501
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = PHYSICS 505
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Elec&Magnetism I
classnumber = 505
    credits = 3
   workload = 76

  classname = PHYSICS 508
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Thry Soc Tech Netwks
classnumber = 508
    credits = 3
   workload = 22

  classname = PHYSICS 510
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Stat Mech
classnumber = 510
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = PHYSICS 511
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Adv Quantum Mech I
classnumber = 511
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = PHYSICS 513
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Quan Field Thry I
classnumber = 513
    credits = 3
   workload = 62

  classname = PHYSICS 514
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Comp Phys
classnumber = 514
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = PHYSICS 520
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Condensed Matter
classnumber = 520
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = PHYSICS 526
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Cosmo II Late Univer
classnumber = 526
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = PHYSICS 535
 department = PHYSICS
      title = General Relativity
classnumber = 535
    credits = 3
   workload = 64

  classname = PHYSICS 541
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Elem Partic Phy 2
classnumber = 541
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PHYSICS 619
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Solid State
classnumber = 619
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PHYSICS 646
 department = PHYSICS
      title = String Theory
classnumber = 646
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = PHYSICS 650
 department = PHYSICS
      title = Opt Wave Crystals
classnumber = 650
    credits = 3
   workload = 28

  classname = PHYSICS 993
 department = PHYSICS
      title = G S I Training
classnumber = 993
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = SEAS 455
 department = SEAS
      title = Topics SE Asia Study
classnumber = 455
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = SEAS 501
 department = SEAS
      title = Intro SEA Studies
classnumber = 501
    credits = 3
   workload = 23

  classname = ASIAN 204
 department = ASIAN
      title = E Asia:Early Trans
classnumber = 204
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = ASIAN 206
 department = ASIAN
      title = Indian Civilization
classnumber = 206
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = ASIAN 207
 department = ASIAN
      title = Southeast Asian Civ
classnumber = 207
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = ASIAN 210
 department = ASIAN
      title = Philippine Cult&Hist
classnumber = 210
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = ASIAN 220
 department = ASIAN
      title = Phil&Rel in Asia
classnumber = 220
    credits = 4
   workload = 8

  classname = ASIAN 225
 department = ASIAN
      title = Intro to Hinduism
classnumber = 225
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIAN 230
 department = ASIAN
      title = Intro to Buddhism
classnumber = 230
    credits = 4
   workload = 7

  classname = ASIAN 234
 department = ASIAN
      title = Buddhism and Death
classnumber = 234
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIAN 235
 department = ASIAN
      title = Intro Asian Studies
classnumber = 235
    credits = 4
   workload = 26

  classname = ASIAN 244
 department = ASIAN
      title = Seeds of Conflict
classnumber = 244
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIAN 250
 department = ASIAN
      title = Ug Sem Buddh
classnumber = 250
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIAN 255
 department = ASIAN
      title = UG Sem Asian Studies
classnumber = 255
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = ASIAN 257
 department = ASIAN
      title = Great Cities in Asia
classnumber = 257
    credits = 4
   workload = 7

  classname = ASIAN 260
 department = ASIAN
      title = Intro to Chinese Civ
classnumber = 260
    credits = 4
   workload = 18

  classname = ASIAN 263
 department = ASIAN
      title = Chinese Philosophy
classnumber = 263
    credits = 4
   workload = 14

  classname = ASIAN 264
 department = ASIAN
      title = Story of the Stone
classnumber = 264
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = ASIAN 271
 department = ASIAN
      title = Korea: Visual Cult
classnumber = 271
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIAN 292
 department = ASIAN
      title = Intro Japanese Art
classnumber = 292
    credits = 4
   workload = 6

  classname = ASIAN 326
 department = ASIAN
      title = Intro Japan Buddhism
classnumber = 326
    credits = 3
   workload = 50

  classname = ASIAN 332
 department = ASIAN
      title = S. Asian Identity
classnumber = 332
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIAN 338
 department = ASIAN
      title = Hum Topics: S Asia
classnumber = 338
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIAN 348
 department = ASIAN
      title = Hum Topics: SE Asia
classnumber = 348
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIAN 354
 department = ASIAN
      title = War & Revol in China
classnumber = 354
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = ASIAN 359
 department = ASIAN
      title = Crime&Detect Chn Lit
classnumber = 359
    credits = 3
   workload = 35

  classname = ASIAN 361
 department = ASIAN
      title = Hum Topics: China
classnumber = 361
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIAN 366
 department = ASIAN
      title = China Controversies
classnumber = 366
    credits = 3
   workload = 3

  classname = ASIAN 367
 department = ASIAN
      title = Languages of Asia
classnumber = 367
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = ASIAN 378
 department = ASIAN
      title = Seoul:History&Places
classnumber = 378
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIAN 380
 department = ASIAN
      title = Topic Asia Study
classnumber = 380
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = ASIAN 381
 department = ASIAN
      title = Jr-Sr Seminar
classnumber = 381
    credits = 3
   workload = 36

  classname = ASIAN 389
 department = ASIAN
      title = East Asian Business
classnumber = 389
    credits = 4
   workload = 31

  classname = ASIAN 400
 department = ASIAN
      title = Indian Rel/West Thot
classnumber = 400
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = ASIAN 428
 department = ASIAN
      title = Evol Communism
classnumber = 428
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = ASIAN 450
 department = ASIAN
      title = Japan to 1700
classnumber = 450
    credits = 3
   workload = 55

  classname = ASIAN 458
 department = ASIAN
      title = Korean Film Culture
classnumber = 458
    credits = 3
   workload = 3

  classname = ASIAN 480
 department = ASIAN
      title = Topics Asian Studies
classnumber = 480
    credits = 3
   workload = 34

  classname = ASIAN 490
 department = ASIAN
      title = Contemporary China
classnumber = 490
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIAN 539
 department = ASIAN
      title = Documentary Chinese
classnumber = 539
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = ASIAN 550
 department = ASIAN
      title = Critical Asian Study
classnumber = 550
    credits = 3
   workload = 50

  classname = ASIAN 563
 department = ASIAN
      title = S.E. Asian Mus
classnumber = 563
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = ASIAN 590
 department = ASIAN
      title = Sem Japanese Studies
classnumber = 590
    credits = 3
   workload = 53

  classname = DUTCH 111
 department = DUTCH
      title = I Sp Speak&Read
classnumber = 111
    credits = 4
   workload = 7

  classname = DUTCH 160
 department = DUTCH
      title = First Year Sem
classnumber = 160
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = DUTCH 231
 department = DUTCH
      title = Second Yr Dutch
classnumber = 231
    credits = 4
   workload = 11

  classname = DUTCH 511
 department = DUTCH
      title = 1st Sp Spk&Read
classnumber = 511
    credits = 4
   workload = 9

  classname = DUTCH 531
 department = DUTCH
      title = Second Yr Dutch
classnumber = 531
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = ITALIAN 101
 department = ITALIAN
      title = Elementary
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 36

  classname = ITALIAN 102
 department = ITALIAN
      title = Elementary
classnumber = 102
    credits = 4
   workload = 31

  classname = ITALIAN 231
 department = ITALIAN
      title = Second-Year
classnumber = 231
    credits = 4
   workload = 31

  classname = ITALIAN 232
 department = ITALIAN
      title = Second-Year
classnumber = 232
    credits = 4
   workload = 35

  classname = ITALIAN 250
 department = ITALIAN
      title = UG Italian Seminar
classnumber = 250
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ITALIAN 270
 department = ITALIAN
      title = Lang in Action I
classnumber = 270
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = ITALIAN 325
 department = ITALIAN
      title = Novels&Films
classnumber = 325
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ITALIAN 470
 department = ITALIAN
      title = Adv Topic Ital Study
classnumber = 470
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = POLISH 121
 department = POLISH
      title = First-Year
classnumber = 121
    credits = 4
   workload = 23

  classname = POLISH 214
 department = POLISH
      title = Rock Poetry
classnumber = 214
    credits = 3
   workload = 2

  classname = POLISH 221
 department = POLISH
      title = Second-Year
classnumber = 221
    credits = 4
   workload = 30

  classname = POLISH 421
 department = POLISH
      title = 4th-Year Polish I
classnumber = 421
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = POLISH 561
 department = POLISH
      title = First-Year Polish I
classnumber = 561
    credits = 4
   workload = 32

  classname = POLISH 563
 department = POLISH
      title = Second-Year Polish I
classnumber = 563
    credits = 4
   workload = 10

  classname = POLISH 565
 department = POLISH
      title = Third-Year Polish I
classnumber = 565
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = POLISH 567
 department = POLISH
      title = Fourth-Year Polish I
classnumber = 567
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = SLAVIC 150
 department = SLAVIC
      title = First Year Sem
classnumber = 150
    credits = 3
   workload = 11

  classname = SLAVIC 151
 department = SLAVIC
      title = 1st Year Seminar
classnumber = 151
    credits = 4
   workload = 16

  classname = SLAVIC 290
 department = SLAVIC
      title = Studies E Euro Cult
classnumber = 290
    credits = 1
   workload = 15

  classname = SLAVIC 312
 department = SLAVIC
      title = Cntral Eur Cinema
classnumber = 312
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = SLAVIC 395
 department = SLAVIC
      title = Russ&Sov Un
classnumber = 395
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = SLAVIC 470
 department = SLAVIC
      title = Culture of E Europe
classnumber = 470
    credits = 1
   workload = 19

  classname = SLAVIC 471
 department = SLAVIC
      title = Sem in Cult Studies
classnumber = 471
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = SLAVIC 510
 department = SLAVIC
      title = Teach Pedagogy Lab
classnumber = 510
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = SLAVIC 549
 department = SLAVIC
      title = Research Methods
classnumber = 549
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = SLAVIC 871
 department = SLAVIC
      title = Sem Slavic Lit
classnumber = 871
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = SLAVIC 876
 department = SLAVIC
      title = Avant Gardes
classnumber = 876
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANLAN 100
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Acc Elem Chinese
classnumber = 100
    credits = 3
   workload = 36

  classname = ASIANLAN 101
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 1st Yr Chinese I
classnumber = 101
    credits = 5
   workload = 58

  classname = ASIANLAN 104
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 1st Yr Heritage Chn
classnumber = 104
    credits = 4
   workload = 40

  classname = ASIANLAN 108
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Chinese Characters
classnumber = 108
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANLAN 111
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 1st Yr Filipino I
classnumber = 111
    credits = 4
   workload = 2

  classname = ASIANLAN 115
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 1st Yr Hindi I
classnumber = 115
    credits = 4
   workload = 21

  classname = ASIANLAN 121
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 1st Yr Indonesian I
classnumber = 121
    credits = 4
   workload = 25

  classname = ASIANLAN 123
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 1stYrJpn-Anime/Manga
classnumber = 123
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = ASIANLAN 125
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 1st Yr Japanese I
classnumber = 125
    credits = 5
   workload = 38

  classname = ASIANLAN 129
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Intensive Japanese I
classnumber = 129
    credits = 10
   workload = 58

  classname = ASIANLAN 135
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 1st Yr Korean I
classnumber = 135
    credits = 5
   workload = 17

  classname = ASIANLAN 138
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Intsv 1st Yr Krn
classnumber = 138
    credits = 5
   workload = 17

  classname = ASIANLAN 145
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 1st Yr Punjabi I
classnumber = 145
    credits = 4
   workload = 26

  classname = ASIANLAN 151
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 1st Yr Sanskrit I
classnumber = 151
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANLAN 155
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 1st Yr Tamil I
classnumber = 155
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANLAN 161
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 1st Yr Thai I
classnumber = 161
    credits = 4
   workload = 17

  classname = ASIANLAN 171
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 1st Yr Urdu I
classnumber = 171
    credits = 4
   workload = 28

  classname = ASIANLAN 175
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 1st Yr Vietnamese I
classnumber = 175
    credits = 4
   workload = 38

  classname = ASIANLAN 185
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = First Year Bengali I
classnumber = 185
    credits = 4
   workload = 12

  classname = ASIANLAN 201
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 2nd Yr Chinese I
classnumber = 201
    credits = 5
   workload = 54

  classname = ASIANLAN 204
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 2nd Yr Heritage Chn
classnumber = 204
    credits = 4
   workload = 31

  classname = ASIANLAN 211
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 2nd Yr Filipino I
classnumber = 211
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANLAN 215
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 2nd Yr Hindi I
classnumber = 215
    credits = 4
   workload = 27

  classname = ASIANLAN 225
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 2nd Yr Japanese I
classnumber = 225
    credits = 5
   workload = 46

  classname = ASIANLAN 235
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 2nd Yr Korean I
classnumber = 235
    credits = 5
   workload = 27

  classname = ASIANLAN 245
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 2nd Yr Punjabi I
classnumber = 245
    credits = 4
   workload = 15

  classname = ASIANLAN 255
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 2nd Yr Tamil I
classnumber = 255
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANLAN 261
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 2nd Yr Thai I
classnumber = 261
    credits = 4
   workload = 36

  classname = ASIANLAN 271
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 2nd Yr Urdu I
classnumber = 271
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANLAN 275
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 2nd Yr Vietnamese I
classnumber = 275
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANLAN 285
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Second Yr Bengali I
classnumber = 285
    credits = 4
   workload = 9

  classname = ASIANLAN 301
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 3rd Yr Chinese I
classnumber = 301
    credits = 5
   workload = 34

  classname = ASIANLAN 304
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 3rd Yr Heritage Chn
classnumber = 304
    credits = 4
   workload = 42

  classname = ASIANLAN 305
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Inter Spoken Chn I
classnumber = 305
    credits = 2
   workload = 25

  classname = ASIANLAN 325
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 3rd Yr Japanese I
classnumber = 325
    credits = 4
   workload = 57

  classname = ASIANLAN 335
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = 3rd Yr Korean I
classnumber = 335
    credits = 4
   workload = 14

  classname = ASIANLAN 403
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Chn Ling Intro
classnumber = 403
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = ASIANLAN 405
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Business Chinese I
classnumber = 405
    credits = 3
   workload = 37

  classname = ASIANLAN 407
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Adv Chn Read/Write I
classnumber = 407
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = ASIANLAN 411
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Advanced Filipino I
classnumber = 411
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANLAN 417
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Advanced Hindi I
classnumber = 417
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANLAN 419
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Adv Indonesian I
classnumber = 419
    credits = 3
   workload = 29

  classname = ASIANLAN 425
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Media Japanese I
classnumber = 425
    credits = 3
   workload = 29

  classname = ASIANLAN 429
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Business Japanese I
classnumber = 429
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = ASIANLAN 435
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Adv Read Wrtng Krn
classnumber = 435
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANLAN 439
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Academic Japanese I
classnumber = 439
    credits = 2
   workload = 69

  classname = ASIANLAN 441
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Japanese Translation
classnumber = 441
    credits = 3
   workload = 56

  classname = ASIANLAN 445
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Chinese Lng Pedagogy
classnumber = 445
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANLAN 451
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Advanced Sanskrit I
classnumber = 451
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANLAN 455
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Advanced Tamil I
classnumber = 455
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANLAN 461
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Advanced Thai I
classnumber = 461
    credits = 3
   workload = 36

  classname = ASIANLAN 471
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Advanced Urdu I
classnumber = 471
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = ASIANLAN 475
 department = ASIANLAN
      title = Adv Vietnamese I
classnumber = 475
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = EARTH 100
 department = EARTH
      title = Coral Reefs
classnumber = 100
    credits = 1
   workload = 12

  classname = EARTH 103
 department = EARTH
      title = Dinosaurs
classnumber = 103
    credits = 1
   workload = 7

  classname = EARTH 104
 department = EARTH
      title = Ice Ages
classnumber = 104
    credits = 1
   workload = 13

  classname = EARTH 105
 department = EARTH
      title = Tectonic Earth
classnumber = 105
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = EARTH 106
 department = EARTH
      title = Earth & Movies Mini
classnumber = 106
    credits = 1
   workload = 11

  classname = EARTH 107
 department = EARTH
      title = Vol&Erthquake
classnumber = 107
    credits = 1
   workload = 4

  classname = EARTH 108
 department = EARTH
      title = When Earth Attacks
classnumber = 108
    credits = 1
   workload = 14

  classname = EARTH 109
 department = EARTH
      title = Water and Society
classnumber = 109
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = EARTH 110
 department = EARTH
      title = Evolving Oceans
classnumber = 110
    credits = 1
   workload = 7

  classname = EARTH 112
 department = EARTH
      title = The Great Lakes
classnumber = 112
    credits = 1
   workload = 4

  classname = EARTH 113
 department = EARTH
      title = Planets&Moons
classnumber = 113
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = EARTH 114
 department = EARTH
      title = Global Warming
classnumber = 114
    credits = 1
   workload = 5

  classname = EARTH 118
 department = EARTH
      title = Intr Geol Lab
classnumber = 118
    credits = 1
   workload = 8

  classname = EARTH 119
 department = EARTH
      title = Intro Earth Science
classnumber = 119
    credits = 3
   workload = 4

  classname = EARTH 120
 department = EARTH
      title = Nationl Parks
classnumber = 120
    credits = 4
   workload = 5

  classname = EARTH 122
 department = EARTH
      title = Extreme Weather
classnumber = 122
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = EARTH 131
 department = EARTH
      title = Earth Chemistry
classnumber = 131
    credits = 4
   workload = 16

  classname = EARTH 142
 department = EARTH
      title = Stars-Stones
classnumber = 142
    credits = 3
   workload = 30

  classname = EARTH 146
 department = EARTH
      title = Plate Tecton
classnumber = 146
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = EARTH 147
 department = EARTH
      title = Natural Hazards
classnumber = 147
    credits = 3
   workload = 2

  classname = EARTH 151
 department = EARTH
      title = Ice Ages
classnumber = 151
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = EARTH 154
 department = EARTH
      title = Ocean Resour
classnumber = 154
    credits = 3
   workload = 3

  classname = EARTH 201
 department = EARTH
      title = Intro Geography
classnumber = 201
    credits = 3
   workload = 4

  classname = EARTH 206
 department = EARTH
      title = Water&Envir
classnumber = 206
    credits = 2
   workload = 11

  classname = EARTH 218
 department = EARTH
      title = Intro Envir Sci Lab
classnumber = 218
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = EARTH 219
 department = EARTH
      title = Intr Environ Science
classnumber = 219
    credits = 3
   workload = 3

  classname = EARTH 222
 department = EARTH
      title = Intro Oceanog
classnumber = 222
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = EARTH 223
 department = EARTH
      title = Int Ocean Lab
classnumber = 223
    credits = 1
   workload = 17

  classname = EARTH 240
 department = EARTH
      title = Primitive Navigation
classnumber = 240
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = EARTH 255
 department = EARTH
      title = Intr Astro Earth Sci
classnumber = 255
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = EARTH 295
 department = EARTH
      title = Welcome to EARTH
classnumber = 295
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = EARTH 313
 department = EARTH
      title = Geobiology
classnumber = 313
    credits = 4
   workload = 11

  classname = EARTH 315
 department = EARTH
      title = Earth Materials
classnumber = 315
    credits = 4
   workload = 36

  classname = EARTH 325
 department = EARTH
      title = Envr Geochem
classnumber = 325
    credits = 4
   workload = 17

  classname = EARTH 331
 department = EARTH
      title = Climate Change
classnumber = 331
    credits = 4
   workload = 18

  classname = EARTH 333
 department = EARTH
      title = Inexhaustible Seas?
classnumber = 333
    credits = 4
   workload = 44

  classname = EARTH 381
 department = EARTH
      title = Intro Atm Radiation
classnumber = 381
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = EARTH 401
 department = EARTH
      title = Geophys Fluid Dyn
classnumber = 401
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = EARTH 408
 department = EARTH
      title = Intro GIS Earth Sci
classnumber = 408
    credits = 3
   workload = 40

  classname = EARTH 409
 department = EARTH
      title = Earth System Model
classnumber = 409
    credits = 4
   workload = 52

  classname = EARTH 417
 department = EARTH
      title = Geology Great Lakes
classnumber = 417
    credits = 2
   workload = 7

  classname = EARTH 421
 department = EARTH
      title = Intro Phys Oceanogr
classnumber = 421
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = EARTH 422
 department = EARTH
      title = Prin Geochem
classnumber = 422
    credits = 3
   workload = 56

  classname = EARTH 437
 department = EARTH
      title = Evol Vertebrate
classnumber = 437
    credits = 4
   workload = 20

  classname = EARTH 454
 department = EARTH
      title = Meteor Analysis Lab
classnumber = 454
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = EARTH 457
 department = EARTH
      title = Atmos Dynamics I
classnumber = 457
    credits = 4
   workload = 73

  classname = EARTH 467
 department = EARTH
      title = Stratigraphy & Basin
classnumber = 467
    credits = 4
   workload = 52

  classname = EARTH 468
 department = EARTH
      title = Data and Models
classnumber = 468
    credits = 3
   workload = 43

  classname = EARTH 478
 department = EARTH
      title = Geochem Water
classnumber = 478
    credits = 4
   workload = 41

  classname = EARTH 480
 department = EARTH
      title = Isotope Earth Env Sc
classnumber = 480
    credits = 4
   workload = 19

  classname = EARTH 485
 department = EARTH
      title = Geochronology
classnumber = 485
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = EARTH 496
 department = EARTH
      title = Topics Earth Env Sci
classnumber = 496
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = EARTH 529
 department = EARTH
      title = Nucl Waste Mgmt
classnumber = 529
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = EARTH 531
 department = EARTH
      title = Sem Geologic Prob
classnumber = 531
    credits = 1
   workload = 19

  classname = EARTH 532
 department = EARTH
      title = Sem Climate-Tect-Top
classnumber = 532
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = EARTH 536
 department = EARTH
      title = Strat&Paleon
classnumber = 536
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = EARTH 543
 department = EARTH
      title = Sem Paleoclimatology
classnumber = 543
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = EARTH 596
 department = EARTH
      title = Topics Earth Env Sci
classnumber = 596
    credits = 1
   workload = 23

  classname = JUDAIC 101
 department = JUDAIC
      title = First Year Yiddish I
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 16

  classname = JUDAIC 150
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Seminar in JS
classnumber = 150
    credits = 3
   workload = 32

  classname = JUDAIC 201
 department = JUDAIC
      title = 2nd Year Yiddish I
classnumber = 201
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = JUDAIC 205
 department = JUDAIC
      title = What is Judaism?
classnumber = 205
    credits = 3
   workload = 4

  classname = JUDAIC 218
 department = JUDAIC
      title = HU Topics in Judaism
classnumber = 218
    credits = 1
   workload = 17

  classname = JUDAIC 220
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Intmd Class Hebrew I
classnumber = 220
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = JUDAIC 257
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Ancient Law
classnumber = 257
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = JUDAIC 258
 department = JUDAIC
      title = The Bible as Lit
classnumber = 258
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = JUDAIC 280
 department = JUDAIC
      title = The Historical Jesus
classnumber = 280
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = JUDAIC 301
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Adv Yiddish I
classnumber = 301
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = JUDAIC 318
 department = JUDAIC
      title = HU Topics in Judaism
classnumber = 318
    credits = 1
   workload = 30

  classname = JUDAIC 350
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Holocaust Legacy
classnumber = 350
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = JUDAIC 351
 department = JUDAIC
      title = A. Frank in Context
classnumber = 351
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = JUDAIC 360
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Jews of Spain
classnumber = 360
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = JUDAIC 373
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Israeli Society
classnumber = 373
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = JUDAIC 386
 department = JUDAIC
      title = The Holocaust
classnumber = 386
    credits = 4
   workload = 10

  classname = JUDAIC 387
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Hist American Jews
classnumber = 387
    credits = 3
   workload = 27

  classname = JUDAIC 389
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Jewish Literature
classnumber = 389
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = JUDAIC 417
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Topcs Judaic Studies
classnumber = 417
    credits = 3
   workload = 60

  classname = JUDAIC 431
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Beg Yiddish 1-Grad
classnumber = 431
    credits = 4
   workload = 20

  classname = JUDAIC 468
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Jewish Mysticism
classnumber = 468
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = JUDAIC 517
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Topics in Judaic St
classnumber = 517
    credits = 1
   workload = 29

  classname = JUDAIC 531
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Int Yiddish 1-Grad
classnumber = 531
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = JUDAIC 617
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Judaic Grad Topics
classnumber = 617
    credits = 3
   workload = 21

  classname = JUDAIC 631
 department = JUDAIC
      title = Adv Yiddish 1-Grad
classnumber = 631
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = POLSCI 101
 department = POLSCI
      title = Intro Pol Thry
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 10

  classname = POLSCI 111
 department = POLSCI
      title = Intro Amer Pol
classnumber = 111
    credits = 4
   workload = 20

  classname = POLSCI 140
 department = POLSCI
      title = Int Compar Pol
classnumber = 140
    credits = 4
   workload = 18

  classname = POLSCI 160
 department = POLSCI
      title = Intr World Pol
classnumber = 160
    credits = 4
   workload = 15

  classname = POLSCI 300
 department = POLSCI
      title = Quant Emp Mthd PolSc
classnumber = 300
    credits = 4
   workload = 58

  classname = POLSCI 306
 department = POLSCI
      title = Amer Pol Thot: Early
classnumber = 306
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = POLSCI 315
 department = POLSCI
      title = Media&Public Opinion
classnumber = 315
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = POLSCI 319
 department = POLSCI
      title = Pol Civil Liberties
classnumber = 319
    credits = 4
   workload = 51

  classname = POLSCI 337
 department = POLSCI
      title = State&Mkt in China
classnumber = 337
    credits = 4
   workload = 6

  classname = POLSCI 339
 department = POLSCI
      title = Evol Communism
classnumber = 339
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = POLSCI 352
 department = POLSCI
      title = How to be anAutocrat
classnumber = 352
    credits = 4
   workload = 1

  classname = POLSCI 353
 department = POLSCI
      title = Arab-Israeli
classnumber = 353
    credits = 4
   workload = 29

  classname = POLSCI 355
 department = POLSCI
      title = Dem & Devt in Africa
classnumber = 355
    credits = 4
   workload = 27

  classname = POLSCI 362
 department = POLSCI
      title = European Integration
classnumber = 362
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = POLSCI 368
 department = POLSCI
      title = Modern Warfare
classnumber = 368
    credits = 4
   workload = 27

  classname = POLSCI 381
 department = POLSCI
      title = Pol Science Research
classnumber = 381
    credits = 3
   workload = 35

  classname = POLSCI 386
 department = POLSCI
      title = Sports, Pol, Society
classnumber = 386
    credits = 3
   workload = 37

  classname = POLSCI 389
 department = POLSCI
      title = Topics
classnumber = 389
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = POLSCI 392
 department = POLSCI
      title = MIW Prep Seminar
classnumber = 392
    credits = 2
   workload = 7

  classname = POLSCI 395
 department = POLSCI
      title = Russ&Sov Un
classnumber = 395
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = POLSCI 399
 department = POLSCI
      title = Adv Internship
classnumber = 399
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = POLSCI 401
 department = POLSCI
      title = Fm Pol Theory
classnumber = 401
    credits = 3
   workload = 30

  classname = POLSCI 411
 department = POLSCI
      title = Nat Capital Research
classnumber = 411
    credits = 4
   workload = 24

  classname = POLSCI 436
 department = POLSCI
      title = ResMidEastPolitics
classnumber = 436
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = POLSCI 455
 department = POLSCI
      title = DemoSub-SaharaAfrica
classnumber = 455
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = POLSCI 485
 department = POLSCI
      title = Election Forensics
classnumber = 485
    credits = 3
   workload = 23

  classname = POLSCI 489
 department = POLSCI
      title = Adv Tpcs in Pol Sci
classnumber = 489
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = POLSCI 490
 department = POLSCI
      title = Game Theory&Modls
classnumber = 490
    credits = 4
   workload = 15

  classname = POLSCI 491
 department = POLSCI
      title = MIW Advanced Topics
classnumber = 491
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = POLSCI 492
 department = POLSCI
      title = MIW Advanced Topics
classnumber = 492
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = POLSCI 493
 department = POLSCI
      title = Senior Honors
classnumber = 493
    credits = 4
   workload = 57

  classname = POLSCI 495
 department = POLSCI
      title = Sem Pol Theory
classnumber = 495
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = POLSCI 496
 department = POLSCI
      title = Sem Amer Govt
classnumber = 496
    credits = 3
   workload = 47

  classname = POLSCI 514
 department = POLSCI
      title = Soc Sci Comput
classnumber = 514
    credits = 2
   workload = 14

  classname = POLSCI 598
 department = POLSCI
      title = Math-P Scient
classnumber = 598
    credits = 4
   workload = 39

  classname = POLSCI 599
 department = POLSCI
      title = Stat Meth Res
classnumber = 599
    credits = 4
   workload = 45

  classname = POLSCI 611
 department = POLSCI
      title = Amer Natl Govt
classnumber = 611
    credits = 3
   workload = 57

  classname = POLSCI 617
 department = POLSCI
      title = Legislat Behav
classnumber = 617
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = POLSCI 641
 department = POLSCI
      title = Compar Govt
classnumber = 641
    credits = 3
   workload = 53

  classname = POLSCI 663
 department = POLSCI
      title = Intl Inst Orgs Law
classnumber = 663
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = POLSCI 680
 department = POLSCI
      title = Behav Res Meth
classnumber = 680
    credits = 3
   workload = 32

  classname = POLSCI 688
 department = POLSCI
      title = Selected Topic
classnumber = 688
    credits = 1
   workload = 27

  classname = POLSCI 694
 department = POLSCI
      title = Qual Res Meth
classnumber = 694
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = POLSCI 701
 department = POLSCI
      title = Concept Theory
classnumber = 701
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = POLSCI 781
 department = POLSCI
      title = Sem Pol Beh I
classnumber = 781
    credits = 1
   workload = 29

  classname = POLSCI 799
 department = POLSCI
      title = Adv QuantEmp Methods
classnumber = 799
    credits = 1
   workload = 38

  classname = POLSCI 993
 department = POLSCI
      title = G S I Training
classnumber = 993
    credits = 1
   workload = 1

  classname = SOC 100
 department = SOC
      title = Intro to Sociology
classnumber = 100
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = SOC 102
 department = SOC
      title = Intro Soc: Topics
classnumber = 102
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = SOC 105
 department = SOC
      title = First Yr Sem
classnumber = 105
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = SOC 122
 department = SOC
      title = Intrgrp Dialogue
classnumber = 122
    credits = 2
   workload = 5

  classname = SOC 208
 department = SOC
      title = Terrorism, Torture
classnumber = 208
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = SOC 210
 department = SOC
      title = SocSci Statistics
classnumber = 210
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = SOC 218
 department = SOC
      title = Foundations IGR
classnumber = 218
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = SOC 225
 department = SOC
      title = Project Community
classnumber = 225
    credits = 2
   workload = 19

  classname = SOC 240
 department = SOC
      title = Sociology of Culture
classnumber = 240
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = SOC 260
 department = SOC
      title = Social Dynamics
classnumber = 260
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = SOC 295
 department = SOC
      title = Topics in Sociology
classnumber = 295
    credits = 1
   workload = 21

  classname = SOC 300
 department = SOC
      title = Principles&Problems
classnumber = 300
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = SOC 302
 department = SOC
      title = Intro Soc: Hlth&Soc
classnumber = 302
    credits = 4
   workload = 31

  classname = SOC 303
 department = SOC
      title = Race&Ethnic
classnumber = 303
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = SOC 304
 department = SOC
      title = Amer Immigration
classnumber = 304
    credits = 4
   workload = 13

  classname = SOC 305
 department = SOC
      title = Intro Soc Theory
classnumber = 305
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = SOC 310
 department = SOC
      title = Socio Res Methods
classnumber = 310
    credits = 3
   workload = 23

  classname = SOC 313
 department = SOC
      title = Soc Sci Thr I
classnumber = 313
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = SOC 320
 department = SOC
      title = IGR Facilitation
classnumber = 320
    credits = 2
   workload = 33

  classname = SOC 321
 department = SOC
      title = IGR Practicum
classnumber = 321
    credits = 3
   workload = 72

  classname = SOC 324
 department = SOC
      title = Advanced IGR Prac
classnumber = 324
    credits = 1
   workload = 60

  classname = SOC 325
 department = SOC
      title = Project Com Adv Prac
classnumber = 325
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = SOC 345
 department = SOC
      title = Soc of Sexualities
classnumber = 345
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = SOC 354
 department = SOC
      title = Law and Society
classnumber = 354
    credits = 4
   workload = 32

  classname = SOC 368
 department = SOC
      title = Criminology
classnumber = 368
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = SOC 379
 department = SOC
      title = Sports, Pol, Society
classnumber = 379
    credits = 3
   workload = 37

  classname = SOC 392
 department = SOC
      title = Russ&Sov Un
classnumber = 392
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = SOC 397
 department = SOC
      title = SOUL I
classnumber = 397
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = SOC 404
 department = SOC
      title = Latina/o Americans
classnumber = 404
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = SOC 424
 department = SOC
      title = Inequality &Mobility
classnumber = 424
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = SOC 428
 department = SOC
      title = Contemporary China
classnumber = 428
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = SOC 430
 department = SOC
      title = World Pop Dynamics
classnumber = 430
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = SOC 440
 department = SOC
      title = Sociology of Work
classnumber = 440
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = SOC 447
 department = SOC
      title = Soc of Gender
classnumber = 447
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = SOC 460
 department = SOC
      title = Social Change
classnumber = 460
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = SOC 475
 department = SOC
      title = Hlth, Med, & Society
classnumber = 475
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = SOC 495
 department = SOC
      title = Topics in Sociology
classnumber = 495
    credits = 1
   workload = 22

  classname = SOC 498
 department = SOC
      title = Data Collection
classnumber = 498
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = SOC 500
 department = SOC
      title = Orientation Seminar
classnumber = 500
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = SOC 505
 department = SOC
      title = Theory & Practice
classnumber = 505
    credits = 4
   workload = 26

  classname = SOC 507
 department = SOC
      title = Research Logic
classnumber = 507
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = SOC 510
 department = SOC
      title = Statistics
classnumber = 510
    credits = 2
   workload = 24

  classname = SOC 530
 department = SOC
      title = Social Demography
classnumber = 530
    credits = 2
   workload = 8

  classname = SOC 533
 department = SOC
      title = Cmpartv Histrc Soc
classnumber = 533
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = SOC 542
 department = SOC
      title = Quant Methods I
classnumber = 542
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = SOC 580
 department = SOC
      title = Disability Studies
classnumber = 580
    credits = 1
   workload = 6

  classname = SOC 595
 department = SOC
      title = Topics in Sociology
classnumber = 595
    credits = 2
   workload = 35

  classname = SOC 622
 department = SOC
      title = Soc Stratification
classnumber = 622
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = SOC 634
 department = SOC
      title = Urban Ethnogr Trad
classnumber = 634
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = SOC 653
 department = SOC
      title = Sociology of Law
classnumber = 653
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = SOC 682
 department = SOC
      title = Adv Soc Psych
classnumber = 682
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = SOC 899
 department = SOC
      title = Responsible Cond Res
classnumber = 899
    credits = 0
   workload = 

  classname = SOC 988
 department = SOC
      title = Adv Sem Soc Psy
classnumber = 988
    credits = 1
   workload = 37

  classname = SOC 993
 department = SOC
      title = Gr Stu Instr Train
classnumber = 993
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANPAM 102
 department = ASIANPAM
      title = A/PIA FY Sem
classnumber = 102
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANPAM 204
 department = ASIANPAM
      title = A/PIA Studies Themes
classnumber = 204
    credits = 3
   workload = 4

  classname = ASIANPAM 214
 department = ASIANPAM
      title = Asian/Pacif Amer St
classnumber = 214
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = ASIANPAM 310
 department = ASIANPAM
      title = A/PIA Studies & SS
classnumber = 310
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = ASIANPAM 359
 department = ASIANPAM
      title = South Asian Diaspora
classnumber = 359
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASIANPAM 498
 department = ASIANPAM
      title = Sem A/PIA Studies
classnumber = 498
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ECON 101
 department = ECON
      title = Principle Econ I
classnumber = 101
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = ECON 102
 department = ECON
      title = Principle Econ II
classnumber = 102
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = ECON 108
 department = ECON
      title = Intro Micro
classnumber = 108
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ECON 208
 department = ECON
      title = Inter Micro Workshop
classnumber = 208
    credits = 1
   workload = 1

  classname = ECON 251
 department = ECON
      title = Intr Stat&Metric II
classnumber = 251
    credits = 4
   workload = 10

  classname = ECON 258
 department = ECON
      title = Topics Data Analysis
classnumber = 258
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ECON 330
 department = ECON
      title = Amer Industry
classnumber = 330
    credits = 4
   workload = 17

  classname = ECON 340
 department = ECON
      title = Internatl Econ
classnumber = 340
    credits = 3
   workload = 50

  classname = ECON 380
 department = ECON
      title = Public Finance
classnumber = 380
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = ECON 396
 department = ECON
      title = Macroecon Topics
classnumber = 396
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = ECON 398
 department = ECON
      title = Strategy
classnumber = 398
    credits = 4
   workload = 5

  classname = ECON 401
 department = ECON
      title = Interm Micro Thry
classnumber = 401
    credits = 4
   workload = 49

  classname = ECON 402
 department = ECON
      title = Intermed Macro Thry
classnumber = 402
    credits = 4
   workload = 24

  classname = ECON 435
 department = ECON
      title = Financial Econ
classnumber = 435
    credits = 4
   workload = 11

  classname = ECON 451
 department = ECON
      title = Inter Stat&Metrics I
classnumber = 451
    credits = 4
   workload = 17

  classname = ECON 452
 department = ECON
      title = IntermStat&MetricsII
classnumber = 452
    credits = 4
   workload = 21

  classname = ECON 495
 department = ECON
      title = Seminar
classnumber = 495
    credits = 3
   workload = 52

  classname = ECON 497
 department = ECON
      title = Econ Honors Seminar
classnumber = 497
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ECON 500
 department = ECON
      title = Quantitative Methods
classnumber = 500
    credits = 4
   workload = 25

  classname = ECON 501
 department = ECON
      title = Microecon Thry
classnumber = 501
    credits = 4
   workload = 9

  classname = ECON 503
 department = ECON
      title = Statistics MAE I
classnumber = 503
    credits = 4
   workload = 22

  classname = ECON 541
 department = ECON
      title = Intl Trade Policy
classnumber = 541
    credits = 3
   workload = 31

  classname = ECON 600
 department = ECON
      title = Math-Economists
classnumber = 600
    credits = 2
   workload = 7

  classname = ECON 601
 department = ECON
      title = Microecon Theory I
classnumber = 601
    credits = 1
   workload = 12

  classname = ECON 603
 department = ECON
      title = Microecon Theory III
classnumber = 603
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = ECON 605
 department = ECON
      title = Macroecon Theory I
classnumber = 605
    credits = 3
   workload = 43

  classname = ECON 611
 department = ECON
      title = Stabilization Pol
classnumber = 611
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = ECON 617
 department = ECON
      title = Game Theory
classnumber = 617
    credits = 1
   workload = 5

  classname = ECON 621
 department = ECON
      title = Labor Economics I
classnumber = 621
    credits = 3
   workload = 31

  classname = ECON 641
 department = ECON
      title = Internat Trade
classnumber = 641
    credits = 3
   workload = 64

  classname = ECON 663
 department = ECON
      title = Topc Wrld Ec Hist I
classnumber = 663
    credits = 3
   workload = 30

  classname = ECON 665
 department = ECON
      title = Ec Dev&Transition I
classnumber = 665
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ECON 671
 department = ECON
      title = Econometric Anlys I
classnumber = 671
    credits = 3
   workload = 54

  classname = ECON 675
 department = ECON
      title = Appl Microeconometrc
classnumber = 675
    credits = 3
   workload = 41

  classname = ECON 678
 department = ECON
      title = Adv Econometrics I
classnumber = 678
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = ECON 683
 department = ECON
      title = Gov Expenditure
classnumber = 683
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = ECON 695
 department = ECON
      title = Intro Research I
classnumber = 695
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = ECON 741
 department = ECON
      title = Interdisc Prob Solv
classnumber = 741
    credits = 1
   workload = 18

  classname = ECON 751
 department = ECON
      title = Computational Econ
classnumber = 751
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ECON 752
 department = ECON
      title = AdvMathMethDynModel
classnumber = 752
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ECON 899
 department = ECON
      title = Responsible Cond Res
classnumber = 899
    credits = 0
   workload = 

  classname = KRSTD 471
 department = KRSTD
      title = Nam Seminar, I
classnumber = 471
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = PORTUG 101
 department = PORTUG
      title = Elementary
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 32

  classname = PORTUG 231
 department = PORTUG
      title = Second-Year
classnumber = 231
    credits = 4
   workload = 11

  classname = PORTUG 280
 department = PORTUG
      title = Port Rom Lang Spkrs
classnumber = 280
    credits = 3
   workload = 47

  classname = PORTUG 287
 department = PORTUG
      title = Port Convers & Comp
classnumber = 287
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PORTUG 474
 department = PORTUG
      title = Afro-Luso-Brazil Cul
classnumber = 474
    credits = 3
   workload = 29

  classname = SPANISH 100
 department = SPANISH
      title = Intens Elem Span
classnumber = 100
    credits = 8
   workload = 23

  classname = SPANISH 101
 department = SPANISH
      title = Elementary
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 33

  classname = SPANISH 102
 department = SPANISH
      title = Elementary
classnumber = 102
    credits = 4
   workload = 24

  classname = SPANISH 103
 department = SPANISH
      title = Review-Elementary
classnumber = 103
    credits = 4
   workload = 33

  classname = SPANISH 231
 department = SPANISH
      title = Second Year Span
classnumber = 231
    credits = 4
   workload = 33

  classname = SPANISH 232
 department = SPANISH
      title = Second Year Span
classnumber = 232
    credits = 4
   workload = 45

  classname = SPANISH 277
 department = SPANISH
      title = Sp Grammar & Comp
classnumber = 277
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = SPANISH 278
 department = SPANISH
      title = Span Herit Lang
classnumber = 278
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = SPANISH 280
 department = SPANISH
      title = Conv Sp/LAm Film
classnumber = 280
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = SPANISH 287
 department = SPANISH
      title = Written Expression
classnumber = 287
    credits = 3
   workload = 36

  classname = SPANISH 291
 department = SPANISH
      title = Intr Catalan Lg/Cult
classnumber = 291
    credits = 3
   workload = 22

  classname = SPANISH 295
 department = SPANISH
      title = Intro Lit Cultr Arts
classnumber = 295
    credits = 3
   workload = 48

  classname = SPANISH 298
 department = SPANISH
      title = Intro Spanish Ling
classnumber = 298
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = SPANISH 328
 department = SPANISH
      title = Hispanic Pop Culture
classnumber = 328
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = SPANISH 375
 department = SPANISH
      title = Islam-Sephardic Cult
classnumber = 375
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = SPANISH 411
 department = SPANISH
      title = Advanced Syntax
classnumber = 411
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = SPANISH 423
 department = SPANISH
      title = Visual Cult Hisp Wrl
classnumber = 423
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = SPANISH 438
 department = SPANISH
      title = Pol & Econ Thought
classnumber = 438
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = SPANISH 445
 department = SPANISH
      title = Romance Studies
classnumber = 445
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = SPANISH 466
 department = SPANISH
      title = Mod Span Novel II
classnumber = 466
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = SPANISH 472
 department = SPANISH
      title = Indigenous Societies
classnumber = 472
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = SPANISH 488
 department = SPANISH
      title = Topics Lit/Hist/Cult
classnumber = 488
    credits = 3
   workload = 23

  classname = SPANISH 855
 department = SPANISH
      title = Spec Topics Sem
classnumber = 855
    credits = 3
   workload = 40

  classname = SPANISH 865
 department = SPANISH
      title = Empire/Independence
classnumber = 865
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = SPANISH 881
 department = SPANISH
      title = Theory&Culture
classnumber = 881
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = ASTRO 101
 department = ASTRO
      title = Intro Solar System
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 17

  classname = ASTRO 102
 department = ASTRO
      title = Stars & Universe
classnumber = 102
    credits = 4
   workload = 16

  classname = ASTRO 104
 department = ASTRO
      title = Alien Skies
classnumber = 104
    credits = 3
   workload = 36

  classname = ASTRO 105
 department = ASTRO
      title = Cosmos Constellatns
classnumber = 105
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = ASTRO 106
 department = ASTRO
      title = Aliens
classnumber = 106
    credits = 1
   workload = 24

  classname = ASTRO 107
 department = ASTRO
      title = The Dark Universe
classnumber = 107
    credits = 1
   workload = 31

  classname = ASTRO 115
 department = ASTRO
      title = Intro Astrobiology
classnumber = 115
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = ASTRO 142
 department = ASTRO
      title = Big Bang
classnumber = 142
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = ASTRO 201
 department = ASTRO
      title = Intro Astrophysics
classnumber = 201
    credits = 4
   workload = 14

  classname = ASTRO 206
 department = ASTRO
      title = Black Holes
classnumber = 206
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASTRO 220
 department = ASTRO
      title = Astro Discoveries
classnumber = 220
    credits = 3
   workload = 27

  classname = ASTRO 255
 department = ASTRO
      title = Intr Astro Earth Sci
classnumber = 255
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = ASTRO 402
 department = ASTRO
      title = Stellar Astr
classnumber = 402
    credits = 3
   workload = 59

  classname = ASTRO 406
 department = ASTRO
      title = Comp Astro
classnumber = 406
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ASTRO 530
 department = ASTRO
      title = Stellar Astrophys I
classnumber = 530
    credits = 3
   workload = 35

  classname = ASTRO 532
 department = ASTRO
      title = High Energ Univer
classnumber = 532
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = EEB 313
 department = EEB
      title = Geobiology
classnumber = 313
    credits = 4
   workload = 11

  classname = EEB 372
 department = EEB
      title = Ecology Lab
classnumber = 372
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = EEB 380
 department = EEB
      title = Oceanography
classnumber = 380
    credits = 3
   workload = 21

  classname = EEB 390
 department = EEB
      title = Evolution
classnumber = 390
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = EEB 401
 department = EEB
      title = Advanced Topics
classnumber = 401
    credits = 1
   workload = 29

  classname = EEB 410
 department = EEB
      title = EEB Capstone Seminar
classnumber = 410
    credits = 3
   workload = 4

  classname = EEB 436
 department = EEB
      title = Woody Plants
classnumber = 436
    credits = 4
   workload = 75

  classname = EEB 440
 department = EEB
      title = Biol of Fishes
classnumber = 440
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = EEB 441
 department = EEB
      title = Bio Fish Lab
classnumber = 441
    credits = 1
   workload = 37

  classname = EEB 466
 department = EEB
      title = Mathematical Ecology
classnumber = 466
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = EEB 485
 department = EEB
      title = Popul & Comm Ecology
classnumber = 485
    credits = 4
   workload = 55

  classname = EEB 497
 department = EEB
      title = Complex Sys in Ecol
classnumber = 497
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = EEB 499
 department = EEB
      title = Research Ethics-Bio
classnumber = 499
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = EEB 525
 department = EEB
      title = Science Writing
classnumber = 525
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = EEB 544
 department = EEB
      title = Pop&Stats Genetics
classnumber = 544
    credits = 2
   workload = 43

  classname = EEB 800
 department = EEB
      title = Biology Seminar
classnumber = 800
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = EEB 801
 department = EEB
      title = Supervised Teaching
classnumber = 801
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = LACS 349
 department = LACS
      title = Rev Movmnts Latin Am
classnumber = 349
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = LACS 421
 department = LACS
      title = Afdiaspora Religions
classnumber = 421
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = LACS 455
 department = LACS
      title = Topics Lat Am
classnumber = 455
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = LACS 461
 department = LACS
      title = Elem Nahuatl I
classnumber = 461
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = LACS 463
 department = LACS
      title = Inter Nahuatl I
classnumber = 463
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = LACS 465
 department = LACS
      title = Adv Nahuatl I
classnumber = 465
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = LACS 471
 department = LACS
      title = Elem Quechua I
classnumber = 471
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = LACS 473
 department = LACS
      title = Interm Quech I
classnumber = 473
    credits = 4
   workload = 20

  classname = LACS 475
 department = LACS
      title = Adv Quech I
classnumber = 475
    credits = 4
   workload = 33

  classname = LACS 655
 department = LACS
      title = Topics in Lat Am St
classnumber = 655
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = PPE 400
 department = PPE
      title = Political Economy
classnumber = 400
    credits = 2
   workload = 26

  classname = STATS 125
 department = STATS
      title = Games & Coincidences
classnumber = 125
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = STATS 206
 department = STATS
      title = Intro Data Science
classnumber = 206
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = STATS 250
 department = STATS
      title = Intr Stat&Data Anlys
classnumber = 250
    credits = 4
   workload = 36

  classname = STATS 401
 department = STATS
      title = Appl Stat Meth II
classnumber = 401
    credits = 4
   workload = 27

  classname = STATS 403
 department = STATS
      title = Intro Quant Res Meth
classnumber = 403
    credits = 4
   workload = 42

  classname = STATS 404
 department = STATS
      title = Effect Comm in Stat
classnumber = 404
    credits = 2
   workload = 23

  classname = STATS 406
 department = STATS
      title = Computational Method
classnumber = 406
    credits = 3
   workload = 39

  classname = STATS 412
 department = STATS
      title = Intro Prob Stat
classnumber = 412
    credits = 3
   workload = 6

  classname = STATS 413
 department = STATS
      title = Appl Regression
classnumber = 413
    credits = 4
   workload = 15

  classname = STATS 415
 department = STATS
      title = Data Mining
classnumber = 415
    credits = 4
   workload = 19

  classname = STATS 425
 department = STATS
      title = Intro Probability
classnumber = 425
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = STATS 426
 department = STATS
      title = Intro to Theo Stat
classnumber = 426
    credits = 3
   workload = 30

  classname = STATS 449
 department = STATS
      title = Topics in Biostat
classnumber = 449
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = STATS 485
 department = STATS
      title = Capstone Seminar
classnumber = 485
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = STATS 500
 department = STATS
      title = Stat Learn I:Regress
classnumber = 500
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = STATS 501
 department = STATS
      title = Applied Stat II
classnumber = 501
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = STATS 504
 department = STATS
      title = Prac Comm Appl Stat
classnumber = 504
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = STATS 505
 department = STATS
      title = Econometric Anlys I
classnumber = 505
    credits = 3
   workload = 54

  classname = STATS 506
 department = STATS
      title = Comp Methods&Tools
classnumber = 506
    credits = 3
   workload = 58

  classname = STATS 507
 department = STATS
      title = Data Sci in Python
classnumber = 507
    credits = 3
   workload = 42

  classname = STATS 510
 department = STATS
      title = Prob Dist Theory
classnumber = 510
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = STATS 600
 department = STATS
      title = Regression Analysis
classnumber = 600
    credits = 4
   workload = 19

  classname = STATS 604
 department = STATS
      title = Statistical Practice
classnumber = 604
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = STATS 610
 department = STATS
      title = Statistical Theory I
classnumber = 610
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = STATS 612
 department = STATS
      title = Adv Top Theo Stat
classnumber = 612
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = STATS 621
 department = STATS
      title = Prob Theory
classnumber = 621
    credits = 3
   workload = 47

  classname = STATS 700
 department = STATS
      title = Topics Appl Stat I
classnumber = 700
    credits = 1
   workload = 12

  classname = STATS 808
 department = STATS
      title = Sem Appl Stat I
classnumber = 808
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STATS 810
 department = STATS
      title = Lit Proseminar
classnumber = 810
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = STATS 993
 department = STATS
      title = Gsi Training
classnumber = 993
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = BCS 131
 department = BCS
      title = First-Year BCS I
classnumber = 131
    credits = 4
   workload = 12

  classname = BCS 231
 department = BCS
      title = Second Year BCS I
classnumber = 231
    credits = 4
   workload = 24

  classname = BCS 350
 department = BCS
      title = Holocaust Legacy
classnumber = 350
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = BCS 531
 department = BCS
      title = First-Year BCS I
classnumber = 531
    credits = 4
   workload = 12

  classname = BCS 533
 department = BCS
      title = Second-Year BCS I
classnumber = 533
    credits = 4
   workload = 27

  classname = ELI 122
 department = ELI
      title = Writ Campus&Career
classnumber = 122
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ELI 131
 department = ELI
      title = Interactive Comm
classnumber = 131
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ELI 210
 department = ELI
      title = English Vocab Spk/Wr
classnumber = 210
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ELI 236
 department = ELI
      title = Pronunciation I
classnumber = 236
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ELI 390
 department = ELI
      title = Comm Learn in ESL
classnumber = 390
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = ELI 501
 department = ELI
      title = VS1-Int Comm in Acad
classnumber = 501
    credits = 0
   workload = 

  classname = ELI 510
 department = ELI
      title = Acad Rdg&Vocab
classnumber = 510
    credits = 2
   workload = 9

  classname = ELI 512
 department = ELI
      title = Spk&Wrt Gram
classnumber = 512
    credits = 1
   workload = 1

  classname = ELI 521
 department = ELI
      title = Acad Writg I
classnumber = 521
    credits = 1
   workload = 10

  classname = ELI 522
 department = ELI
      title = Res Paper Writing
classnumber = 522
    credits = 2
   workload = 1

  classname = ELI 530
 department = ELI
      title = Acad Spkg Wrtg Arch
classnumber = 530
    credits = 2
   workload = 13

  classname = ELI 531
 department = ELI
      title = Lang&Comm I
classnumber = 531
    credits = 1
   workload = 2

  classname = ELI 532
 department = ELI
      title = Understand Spkn Eng
classnumber = 532
    credits = 1
   workload = 12

  classname = ELI 534
 department = ELI
      title = Dis&Oral Argumentn
classnumber = 534
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = ELI 536
 department = ELI
      title = Pronunc I
classnumber = 536
    credits = 1
   workload = 12

  classname = ELI 538
 department = ELI
      title = Pron in Context
classnumber = 538
    credits = 1
   workload = 9

  classname = ELI 539
 department = ELI
      title = Pronun GSI Contexts
classnumber = 539
    credits = 1
   workload = 9

  classname = ELI 560
 department = ELI
      title = US Lang/Cult in Cont
classnumber = 560
    credits = 2
   workload = 11

  classname = ELI 580
 department = ELI
      title = Intro to GSI Work
classnumber = 580
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = ELI 584
 department = ELI
      title = GSI Sem&Pract
classnumber = 584
    credits = 1
   workload = 4

  classname = ELI 592
 department = ELI
      title = Topics in EAP
classnumber = 592
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = ELI 593
 department = ELI
      title = Lang Development
classnumber = 593
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = ELI 620
 department = ELI
      title = Dis Writ&Writ Publ I
classnumber = 620
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = ELI 994
 department = ELI
      title = Teach: Lang,Cult,Ped
classnumber = 994
    credits = 1
   workload = 15

  classname = LATIN 101
 department = LATIN
      title = Elementary
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 52

  classname = LATIN 102
 department = LATIN
      title = Elementary
classnumber = 102
    credits = 4
   workload = 51

  classname = LATIN 103
 department = LATIN
      title = Review Latin
classnumber = 103
    credits = 4
   workload = 49

  classname = LATIN 193
 department = LATIN
      title = Intens Latin I
classnumber = 193
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = LATIN 231
 department = LATIN
      title = Roman Kings&Emp
classnumber = 231
    credits = 4
   workload = 51

  classname = LATIN 232
 department = LATIN
      title = Vergil-Aeneid
classnumber = 232
    credits = 4
   workload = 48

  classname = LATIN 301
 department = LATIN
      title = Intermediate Lat
classnumber = 301
    credits = 2
   workload = 60

  classname = LATIN 409
 department = LATIN
      title = Augustan Poetry
classnumber = 409
    credits = 2
   workload = 30

  classname = LATIN 421
 department = LATIN
      title = Teaching
classnumber = 421
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = LATIN 426
 department = LATIN
      title = Practicum
classnumber = 426
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = LATIN 461
 department = LATIN
      title = Livy
classnumber = 461
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = LATIN 502
 department = LATIN
      title = Intens El Lat I
classnumber = 502
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = LATIN 503
 department = LATIN
      title = Intens El Lat II
classnumber = 503
    credits = 2
   workload = 80

  classname = LATIN 505
 department = LATIN
      title = Intermediate Lat
classnumber = 505
    credits = 3
   workload = 58

  classname = LATIN 508
 department = LATIN
      title = Latin Sight Reading
classnumber = 508
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = LATIN 574
 department = LATIN
      title = Later Latin Lit
classnumber = 574
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = LATIN 600
 department = LATIN
      title = Meth Class Scholarsp
classnumber = 600
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = LATIN 870
 department = LATIN
      title = Topics in Rom Lit
classnumber = 870
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = LATIN 993
 department = LATIN
      title = Sem for Instr
classnumber = 993
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 111
 department = PSYCH
      title = Intro Psych
classnumber = 111
    credits = 4
   workload = 11

  classname = PSYCH 112
 department = PSYCH
      title = As Natural Sci
classnumber = 112
    credits = 4
   workload = 7

  classname = PSYCH 114
 department = PSYCH
      title = Honors Intro Psy
classnumber = 114
    credits = 4
   workload = 11

  classname = PSYCH 120
 department = PSYCH
      title = Psych Sem-Soc Sci
classnumber = 120
    credits = 3
   workload = 11

  classname = PSYCH 122
 department = PSYCH
      title = Intrgrp Dialogue
classnumber = 122
    credits = 2
   workload = 5

  classname = PSYCH 211
 department = PSYCH
      title = Project Outreach
classnumber = 211
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = PSYCH 213
 department = PSYCH
      title = Foundations IGR
classnumber = 213
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = PSYCH 218
 department = PSYCH
      title = Soph Sem Psych/SS
classnumber = 218
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = PSYCH 223
 department = PSYCH
      title = Entrepreneur Crtivty
classnumber = 223
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = PSYCH 230
 department = PSYCH
      title = Intro Behav Neurosci
classnumber = 230
    credits = 4
   workload = 21

  classname = PSYCH 235
 department = PSYCH
      title = Intro Evol & Behav
classnumber = 235
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 240
 department = PSYCH
      title = Intro to Cog Psych
classnumber = 240
    credits = 4
   workload = 7

  classname = PSYCH 242
 department = PSYCH
      title = Lang and Human Mind
classnumber = 242
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = PSYCH 250
 department = PSYCH
      title = Intro Dev Psych
classnumber = 250
    credits = 4
   workload = 3

  classname = PSYCH 270
 department = PSYCH
      title = Abnormal Psychology
classnumber = 270
    credits = 4
   workload = 13

  classname = PSYCH 280
 department = PSYCH
      title = Intro Social Psych
classnumber = 280
    credits = 4
   workload = 3

  classname = PSYCH 290
 department = PSYCH
      title = Intro Psych Persn
classnumber = 290
    credits = 4
   workload = 5

  classname = PSYCH 302
 department = PSYCH
      title = Res Method in Cog NS
classnumber = 302
    credits = 3
   workload = 35

  classname = PSYCH 303
 department = PSYCH
      title = Res Methods in Psych
classnumber = 303
    credits = 3
   workload = 34

  classname = PSYCH 304
 department = PSYCH
      title = Teach&Lead
classnumber = 304
    credits = 2
   workload = 8

  classname = PSYCH 306
 department = PSYCH
      title = Group Leading
classnumber = 306
    credits = 3
   workload = 49

  classname = PSYCH 308
 department = PSYCH
      title = Peer Advising
classnumber = 308
    credits = 2
   workload = 4

  classname = PSYCH 310
 department = PSYCH
      title = IGR Facilitation
classnumber = 310
    credits = 2
   workload = 33

  classname = PSYCH 311
 department = PSYCH
      title = IGR Practicum
classnumber = 311
    credits = 3
   workload = 72

  classname = PSYCH 321
 department = PSYCH
      title = American Addictions
classnumber = 321
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = PSYCH 324
 department = PSYCH
      title = Advanced IGR Prac
classnumber = 324
    credits = 1
   workload = 60

  classname = PSYCH 325
 department = PSYCH
      title = Detroit Initiative
classnumber = 325
    credits = 1
   workload = 25

  classname = PSYCH 338
 department = PSYCH
      title = Primate Behavior
classnumber = 338
    credits = 4
   workload = 19

  classname = PSYCH 345
 department = PSYCH
      title = Hum Neuropsych
classnumber = 345
    credits = 4
   workload = 13

  classname = PSYCH 349
 department = PSYCH
      title = Talking Minds
classnumber = 349
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = PSYCH 356
 department = PSYCH
      title = Educational Psych
classnumber = 356
    credits = 4
   workload = 17

  classname = PSYCH 360
 department = PSYCH
      title = Behavior&Environment
classnumber = 360
    credits = 3
   workload = 3

  classname = PSYCH 365
 department = PSYCH
      title = Adv Animal Behavior
classnumber = 365
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 370
 department = PSYCH
      title = Top Clinical Psych
classnumber = 370
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 380
 department = PSYCH
      title = Topics Social Psych
classnumber = 380
    credits = 3
   workload = 1

  classname = PSYCH 395
 department = PSYCH
      title = Org Psych
classnumber = 395
    credits = 4
   workload = 12

  classname = PSYCH 401
 department = PSYCH
      title = Special Problems
classnumber = 401
    credits = 1
   workload = 12

  classname = PSYCH 424
 department = PSYCH
      title = Sr Hon Res I Nat Sci
classnumber = 424
    credits = 2
   workload = 28

  classname = PSYCH 426
 department = PSYCH
      title = Sr Hon Res II Nat Sc
classnumber = 426
    credits = 2
   workload = 44

  classname = PSYCH 457
 department = PSYCH
      title = Curr Topic Dev Psych
classnumber = 457
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = PSYCH 477
 department = PSYCH
      title = Curr Topc Clin Psych
classnumber = 477
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = PSYCH 487
 department = PSYCH
      title = Curr Topc Social Psy
classnumber = 487
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = PSYCH 506
 department = PSYCH
      title = Prof Issues Psych
classnumber = 506
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = PSYCH 519
 department = PSYCH
      title = Supervised Research
classnumber = 519
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 609
 department = PSYCH
      title = Psych Teach Academy
classnumber = 609
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 613
 department = PSYCH
      title = Statistical Meth
classnumber = 613
    credits = 4
   workload = 39

  classname = PSYCH 630
 department = PSYCH
      title = Primatology
classnumber = 630
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 631
 department = PSYCH
      title = Prosem in Biopsych
classnumber = 631
    credits = 3
   workload = 58

  classname = PSYCH 653
 department = PSYCH
      title = P&SC Orientation
classnumber = 653
    credits = 2
   workload = 19

  classname = PSYCH 655
 department = PSYCH
      title = Psych of Women
classnumber = 655
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 672
 department = PSYCH
      title = Interv&Clin Ethics
classnumber = 672
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 681
 department = PSYCH
      title = Surv of Soc Psyc
classnumber = 681
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 682
 department = PSYCH
      title = Adv Soc Psych
classnumber = 682
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = PSYCH 707
 department = PSYCH
      title = Psychometric Theory
classnumber = 707
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = PSYCH 708
 department = PSYCH
      title = Cogn&Instr Classrm
classnumber = 708
    credits = 3
   workload = 50

  classname = PSYCH 730
 department = PSYCH
      title = Sem in Biopsych
classnumber = 730
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = PSYCH 733
 department = PSYCH
      title = Sem in Neuroscience
classnumber = 733
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 742
 department = PSYCH
      title = Complex Cognition
classnumber = 742
    credits = 3
   workload = 63

  classname = PSYCH 748
 department = PSYCH
      title = Expertise:CogPercMot
classnumber = 748
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 759
 department = PSYCH
      title = Developmntl Psyc
classnumber = 759
    credits = 2
   workload = 4

  classname = PSYCH 771
 department = PSYCH
      title = Top Clin Sci & Pract
classnumber = 771
    credits = 1
   workload = 6

  classname = PSYCH 775
 department = PSYCH
      title = Psych Assessment I
classnumber = 775
    credits = 4
   workload = 33

  classname = PSYCH 776
 department = PSYCH
      title = Clin Sci Hist&Cult
classnumber = 776
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = PSYCH 793
 department = PSYCH
      title = Emotional Developmt
classnumber = 793
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 798
 department = PSYCH
      title = Psychol of Aging
classnumber = 798
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 808
 department = PSYCH
      title = Special Seminar
classnumber = 808
    credits = 1
   workload = 13

  classname = PSYCH 861
 department = PSYCH
      title = Sem Ed Psych
classnumber = 861
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 872
 department = PSYCH
      title = Psychotherapy Lab I
classnumber = 872
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = PSYCH 875
 department = PSYCH
      title = Int Chld Therapy
classnumber = 875
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 876
 department = PSYCH
      title = Pract Clinical Psych
classnumber = 876
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 877
 department = PSYCH
      title = Lifespan I
classnumber = 877
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = PSYCH 958
 department = PSYCH
      title = Special Sem Developm
classnumber = 958
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = PSYCH 988
 department = PSYCH
      title = Adv Sem Soc Psy
classnumber = 988
    credits = 1
   workload = 37

  classname = STDABRD 303
 department = STDABRD
      title = Environ Studies CR
classnumber = 303
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 308
 department = STDABRD
      title = EcoQuest NZ
classnumber = 308
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 332
 department = STDABRD
      title = UPCES Charles Uni CZ
classnumber = 332
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 346
 department = STDABRD
      title = AdvRusnLang&Cultr RU
classnumber = 346
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 349
 department = STDABRD
      title = Lang&Cul Hikone JP
classnumber = 349
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 351
 department = STDABRD
      title = Uni Freiburg DE
classnumber = 351
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 352
 department = STDABRD
      title = National Uni SG
classnumber = 352
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 353
 department = STDABRD
      title = Classical Studies IT
classnumber = 353
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 362
 department = STDABRD
      title = Int Russian Lang RU
classnumber = 362
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 363
 department = STDABRD
      title = Liberal Arts CL
classnumber = 363
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 364
 department = STDABRD
      title = Uni Sussex UK
classnumber = 364
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 374
 department = STDABRD
      title = Uni Yonsei KR
classnumber = 374
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 439
 department = STDABRD
      title = Hlth&Com AR/ZA/VN/US
classnumber = 439
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 456
 department = STDABRD
      title = Lond Schl Econ UK
classnumber = 456
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 458
 department = STDABRD
      title = Uni St Andrews UK
classnumber = 458
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 461
 department = STDABRD
      title = Uni Uppsala SE
classnumber = 461
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 463
 department = STDABRD
      title = Cent Euro Studies PL
classnumber = 463
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 466
 department = STDABRD
      title = Uni Kyushu JP
classnumber = 466
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 468
 department = STDABRD
      title = Uni New S Wales AU
classnumber = 468
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 481
 department = STDABRD
      title = Queen Mary UK
classnumber = 481
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 483
 department = STDABRD
      title = UniCollege London UK
classnumber = 483
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 486
 department = STDABRD
      title = Sciences Po Paris FR
classnumber = 486
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 487
 department = STDABRD
      title = Uni Cape Town ZA
classnumber = 487
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = STDABRD 489
 department = STDABRD
      title = Uni Melbourne AU
classnumber = 489
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = BIOLOGY 101
 department = BIOLOGY
      title = Food Energy Env Jus
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 7

  classname = BIOLOGY 105
 department = BIOLOGY
      title = Biology of Nutrition
classnumber = 105
    credits = 4
   workload = 16

  classname = BIOLOGY 108
 department = BIOLOGY
      title = Animal Diver
classnumber = 108
    credits = 4
   workload = 19

  classname = BIOLOGY 117
 department = BIOLOGY
      title = The Science of Study
classnumber = 117
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = BIOLOGY 120
 department = BIOLOGY
      title = First Year Sem
classnumber = 120
    credits = 3
   workload = 2

  classname = BIOLOGY 171
 department = BIOLOGY
      title = Intro Biology: EEB
classnumber = 171
    credits = 4
   workload = 46

  classname = BIOLOGY 172
 department = BIOLOGY
      title = Intro Biol - MCDB
classnumber = 172
    credits = 4
   workload = 33

  classname = BIOLOGY 173
 department = BIOLOGY
      title = Intro Biol Lab
classnumber = 173
    credits = 2
   workload = 38

  classname = BIOLOGY 192
 department = BIOLOGY
      title = Accel Intro Bio
classnumber = 192
    credits = 4
   workload = 17

  classname = BIOLOGY 201
 department = BIOLOGY
      title = Inter Topics in Bio
classnumber = 201
    credits = 1
   workload = 47

  classname = BIOLOGY 281
 department = BIOLOGY
      title = General Ecology
classnumber = 281
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = BIOLOGY 305
 department = BIOLOGY
      title = Genetics
classnumber = 305
    credits = 4
   workload = 44

  classname = BIOLOGY 525
 department = BIOLOGY
      title = Chem Biol I
classnumber = 525
    credits = 3
   workload = 30

  classname = ENGLISH 124
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Academic Writing&Lit
classnumber = 124
    credits = 4
   workload = 27

  classname = ENGLISH 125
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Writing&Academic Inq
classnumber = 125
    credits = 4
   workload = 26

  classname = ENGLISH 126
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Comm-Engaged Writ
classnumber = 126
    credits = 4
   workload = 32

  classname = ENGLISH 140
 department = ENGLISH
      title = 1st Yr Sem Lang&Lit
classnumber = 140
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = ENGLISH 150
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Art of the Story
classnumber = 150
    credits = 2
   workload = 56

  classname = ENGLISH 215
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Intro to Women & Lit
classnumber = 215
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = ENGLISH 223
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Creative Writing
classnumber = 223
    credits = 3
   workload = 11

  classname = ENGLISH 225
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Acad Argumentation
classnumber = 225
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = ENGLISH 229
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Professional Writing
classnumber = 229
    credits = 4
   workload = 17

  classname = ENGLISH 230
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Short Story&Novel
classnumber = 230
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = ENGLISH 232
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Intro-Visual Cult
classnumber = 232
    credits = 3
   workload = 3

  classname = ENGLISH 235
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Intro to Autobio
classnumber = 235
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = ENGLISH 242
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Intrdis Studies-Engl
classnumber = 242
    credits = 1
   workload = 13

  classname = ENGLISH 244
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Literary Journalism
classnumber = 244
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ENGLISH 258
 department = ENGLISH
      title = The Bible as Lit
classnumber = 258
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = ENGLISH 267
 department = ENGLISH
      title = World of Shakespeare
classnumber = 267
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = ENGLISH 270
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Intro to Amer Lit
classnumber = 270
    credits = 3
   workload = 11

  classname = ENGLISH 274
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Intro Af-Am Lit
classnumber = 274
    credits = 2
   workload = 9

  classname = ENGLISH 290
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Themes Lang & Lit
classnumber = 290
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = ENGLISH 298
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Intro to Lit Studies
classnumber = 298
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = ENGLISH 305
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Exploring Language
classnumber = 305
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = ENGLISH 308
 department = ENGLISH
      title = History Engl Lang
classnumber = 308
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ENGLISH 311
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Theater of Politics
classnumber = 311
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ENGLISH 313
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Lit Studies
classnumber = 313
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = ENGLISH 314
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Gender/Sexuality Std
classnumber = 314
    credits = 2
   workload = 24

  classname = ENGLISH 315
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Women&Literature
classnumber = 315
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = ENGLISH 317
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Literature&Cult
classnumber = 317
    credits = 3
   workload = 27

  classname = ENGLISH 318
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Genre Studies
classnumber = 318
    credits = 3
   workload = 28

  classname = ENGLISH 320
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Lit & Environment
classnumber = 320
    credits = 2
   workload = 11

  classname = ENGLISH 322
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Community Journalism
classnumber = 322
    credits = 3
   workload = 42

  classname = ENGLISH 323
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Creat Writ Fict
classnumber = 323
    credits = 3
   workload = 30

  classname = ENGLISH 324
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Creat Writ Poet
classnumber = 324
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = ENGLISH 325
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Art of the Essay
classnumber = 325
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = ENGLISH 335
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Autobiography
classnumber = 335
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = ENGLISH 340
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Studies in Poetry
classnumber = 340
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = ENGLISH 345
 department = ENGLISH
      title = The New Essay
classnumber = 345
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = ENGLISH 346
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Performance Studies
classnumber = 346
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = ENGLISH 349
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Am Thtr-Drama
classnumber = 349
    credits = 3
   workload = 30

  classname = ENGLISH 350
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Lit in Engl-1660
classnumber = 350
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = ENGLISH 355
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Southern Natures
classnumber = 355
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ENGLISH 362
 department = ENGLISH
      title = American Novel
classnumber = 362
    credits = 3
   workload = 43

  classname = ENGLISH 363
 department = ENGLISH
      title = The Modern Novel
classnumber = 363
    credits = 3
   workload = 67

  classname = ENGLISH 364
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Contemporary Novel
classnumber = 364
    credits = 2
   workload = 62

  classname = ENGLISH 367
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Shakespeare Plays
classnumber = 367
    credits = 3
   workload = 22

  classname = ENGLISH 378
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Muslim and Arab Lit
classnumber = 378
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ENGLISH 382
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Native Am Lit
classnumber = 382
    credits = 3
   workload = 29

  classname = ENGLISH 383
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Jewish Literature
classnumber = 383
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = ENGLISH 389
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Lit in African Hist
classnumber = 389
    credits = 3
   workload = 64

  classname = ENGLISH 390
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Topics Lit Crit&Thry
classnumber = 390
    credits = 3
   workload = 27

  classname = ENGLISH 398
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Jr Sem Eng Std
classnumber = 398
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = ENGLISH 403
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Lang/Rhet Studies
classnumber = 403
    credits = 3
   workload = 22

  classname = ENGLISH 407
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Topics Lang & Lit
classnumber = 407
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = ENGLISH 409
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Old English
classnumber = 409
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ENGLISH 411
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Art of the Film
classnumber = 411
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ENGLISH 425
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Adv Essay Writing
classnumber = 425
    credits = 3
   workload = 44

  classname = ENGLISH 427
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Adv Playwriting
classnumber = 427
    credits = 2
   workload = 26

  classname = ENGLISH 440
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Modern Poetry
classnumber = 440
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = ENGLISH 442
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Studies in Poetry
classnumber = 442
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = ENGLISH 443
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Theatre Hist I
classnumber = 443
    credits = 3
   workload = 42

  classname = ENGLISH 451
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Lit 1600-1830
classnumber = 451
    credits = 3
   workload = 23

  classname = ENGLISH 460
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Std in the Novel
classnumber = 460
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ENGLISH 464
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Stdy Indi Authors
classnumber = 464
    credits = 3
   workload = 59

  classname = ENGLISH 465
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Chaucer
classnumber = 465
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = ENGLISH 471
 department = ENGLISH
      title = 19th C American Lit
classnumber = 471
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = ENGLISH 490
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Hist Lit Crit&Theory
classnumber = 490
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = ENGLISH 495
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Drafting the Thesis
classnumber = 495
    credits = 3
   workload = 69

  classname = ENGLISH 501
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Old English
classnumber = 501
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = ENGLISH 520
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Intr Grad Studies
classnumber = 520
    credits = 3
   workload = 27

  classname = ENGLISH 527
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Contemp Crit Thry
classnumber = 527
    credits = 3
   workload = 31

  classname = ENGLISH 528
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Disability Studies
classnumber = 528
    credits = 1
   workload = 6

  classname = ENGLISH 540
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Topics Lang & Lit
classnumber = 540
    credits = 1
   workload = 25

  classname = ENGLISH 571
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Wkshp Write Fictn
classnumber = 571
    credits = 6
   workload = 9

  classname = ENGLISH 574
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Wksp Write Poetry
classnumber = 574
    credits = 6
   workload = 14

  classname = ENGLISH 627
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Critical Theories
classnumber = 627
    credits = 3
   workload = 53

  classname = ENGLISH 630
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Special Topics
classnumber = 630
    credits = 1
   workload = 31

  classname = ENGLISH 632
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Topics in Drama
classnumber = 632
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ENGLISH 641
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Topc Medie Period
classnumber = 641
    credits = 3
   workload = 30

  classname = ENGLISH 648
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Topic Mod Period
classnumber = 648
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ENGLISH 695
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Pedag:Thry-Pract
classnumber = 695
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = ENGLISH 831
 department = ENGLISH
      title = Study of Genre
classnumber = 831
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = ENGLISH 993
 department = ENGLISH
      title = G S I Training
classnumber = 993
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = LATINOAM 213
 department = LATINOAM
      title = Intro Latina/o Study
classnumber = 213
    credits = 3
   workload = 23

  classname = LATINOAM 224
 department = LATINOAM
      title = Span Herit Lang
classnumber = 224
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = LATINOAM 304
 department = LATINOAM
      title = Amer Immigration
classnumber = 304
    credits = 4
   workload = 13

  classname = LATINOAM 311
 department = LATINOAM
      title = Latina/o Studies/HU
classnumber = 311
    credits = 1
   workload = 15

  classname = LATINOAM 313
 department = LATINOAM
      title = Cuba&its Diaspora
classnumber = 313
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = LATINOAM 380
 department = LATINOAM
      title = Transnatl Media
classnumber = 380
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = LATINOAM 381
 department = LATINOAM
      title = Latinas/os and Media
classnumber = 381
    credits = 3
   workload = 2

  classname = LATINOAM 404
 department = LATINOAM
      title = Latina/o Americans
classnumber = 404
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = LATINOAM 420
 department = LATINOAM
      title = Lat Amer Film
classnumber = 420
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = LATINOAM 618
 department = LATINOAM
      title = Interdiscp Latino
classnumber = 618
    credits = 3
   workload = 46

  classname = QMSS 201
 department = QMSS
      title = Int QuantMthd SocSci
classnumber = 201
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = QMSS 251
 department = QMSS
      title = Computational SocSci
classnumber = 251
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = QMSS 451
 department = QMSS
      title = QMSS SrCapstone
classnumber = 451
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = TCS 502
 department = TCS
      title = Approaches to TCS II
classnumber = 502
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = BIOPHYS 117
 department = BIOPHYS
      title = Intro to Prog in Sci
classnumber = 117
    credits = 3
   workload = 35

  classname = BIOPHYS 150
 department = BIOPHYS
      title = FundPhysics LifeScI
classnumber = 150
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = BIOPHYS 151
 department = BIOPHYS
      title = Life Sciences Lab I
classnumber = 151
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = BIOPHYS 250
 department = BIOPHYS
      title = FundPhysics LifeScII
classnumber = 250
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = BIOPHYS 251
 department = BIOPHYS
      title = Life Sciences Lab II
classnumber = 251
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = BIOPHYS 370
 department = BIOPHYS
      title = PhysChem Princip
classnumber = 370
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = BIOPHYS 401
 department = BIOPHYS
      title = Sp Topics in BIOPHYS
classnumber = 401
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = BIOPHYS 440
 department = BIOPHYS
      title = Biophys of Diseases
classnumber = 440
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = BIOPHYS 445
 department = BIOPHYS
      title = Intro to Info Theory
classnumber = 445
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = BIOPHYS 463
 department = BIOPHYS
      title = Math Model Biol
classnumber = 463
    credits = 3
   workload = 49

  classname = BIOPHYS 520
 department = BIOPHYS
      title = Theory and Methods
classnumber = 520
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = BIOPHYS 550
 department = BIOPHYS
      title = Biophys Lab
classnumber = 550
    credits = 3
   workload = 48

  classname = BIOPHYS 595
 department = BIOPHYS
      title = Prof Dev in Biophys
classnumber = 595
    credits = 3
   workload = 2

  classname = BIOPHYS 801
 department = BIOPHYS
      title = Seminar
classnumber = 801
    credits = 1
   workload = 8

  classname = ENVIRON 228
 department = ENVIRON
      title = Intro Envir Sci Lab
classnumber = 228
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = ENVIRON 355
 department = ENVIRON
      title = Southern Natures
classnumber = 355
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = ENVIRON 357
 department = ENVIRON
      title = Arch, Sustainability
classnumber = 357
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = ENVIRON 411
 department = ENVIRON
      title = Principles of GIS
classnumber = 411
    credits = 4
   workload = 39

  classname = LING 102
 department = LING
      title = First Yr Sem Hum
classnumber = 102
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = LING 111
 department = LING
      title = Intro to Language
classnumber = 111
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = LING 115
 department = LING
      title = Lang Multicultural
classnumber = 115
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = LING 209
 department = LING
      title = Lang and Human Mind
classnumber = 209
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = LING 210
 department = LING
      title = Intro Ling Analys
classnumber = 210
    credits = 4
   workload = 9

  classname = LING 313
 department = LING
      title = Sound Patterns
classnumber = 313
    credits = 2
   workload = 27

  classname = LING 315
 department = LING
      title = Intro To Syntax
classnumber = 315
    credits = 2
   workload = 20

  classname = LING 316
 department = LING
      title = Aspects of Meaning
classnumber = 316
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = LING 317
 department = LING
      title = Lang and History
classnumber = 317
    credits = 2
   workload = 6

  classname = LING 347
 department = LING
      title = Talking Minds
classnumber = 347
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = LING 367
 department = LING
      title = Languages of Asia
classnumber = 367
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = LING 374
 department = LING
      title = Language&Culture
classnumber = 374
    credits = 4
   workload = 13

  classname = LING 390
 department = LING
      title = Comm Learn in ESL
classnumber = 390
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = LING 398
 department = LING
      title = Intro Spanish Ling
classnumber = 398
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = LING 412
 department = LING
      title = Speech Perception
classnumber = 412
    credits = 3
   workload = 44

  classname = LING 440
 department = LING
      title = Lang Learnability
classnumber = 440
    credits = 3
   workload = 2

  classname = LING 492
 department = LING
      title = Topics in Ling
classnumber = 492
    credits = 1
   workload = 18

  classname = LING 512
 department = LING
      title = Phonetics
classnumber = 512
    credits = 4
   workload = 26

  classname = LING 515
 department = LING
      title = Generative Syntax
classnumber = 515
    credits = 2
   workload = 10

  classname = LING 542
 department = LING
      title = Socioling
classnumber = 542
    credits = 2
   workload = 43

  classname = LING 740
 department = LING
      title = Research in Ling
classnumber = 740
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = LING 750
 department = LING
      title = Res Writing Ling
classnumber = 750
    credits = 1
   workload = 9

  classname = LING 792
 department = LING
      title = Linguistic Topics
classnumber = 792
    credits = 1
   workload = 17

  classname = LING 993
 department = LING
      title = Sem Gsi Training
classnumber = 993
    credits = 1
   workload = 9

  classname = RCARTS 260
 department = RCARTS
      title = Photography
classnumber = 260
    credits = 4
   workload = 79

  classname = RCARTS 290
 department = RCARTS
      title = Ceramics I
classnumber = 290
    credits = 4
   workload = 73

  classname = RCARTS 334
 department = RCARTS
      title = Sp Tpcs: Creatv Arts
classnumber = 334
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = RCARTS 360
 department = RCARTS
      title = Photography II
classnumber = 360
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = RCARTS 369
 department = RCARTS
      title = Photography III
classnumber = 369
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = RCARTS 380
 department = RCARTS
      title = Furniture II
classnumber = 380
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = RCARTS 388
 department = RCARTS
      title = Furniture III
classnumber = 388
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = TURKISH 101
 department = TURKISH
      title = Elementary Turkish I
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 6

  classname = TURKISH 201
 department = TURKISH
      title = Intermed Turkish I
classnumber = 201
    credits = 4
   workload = 40

  classname = TURKISH 408
 department = TURKISH
      title = Ottoman Elements I
classnumber = 408
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = TURKISH 409
 department = TURKISH
      title = Ottoman Elements II
classnumber = 409
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = TURKISH 504
 department = TURKISH
      title = Mod Turkish Readings
classnumber = 504
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = CATALAN 291
 department = CATALAN
      title = Intr Catalan Lg/Cult
classnumber = 291
    credits = 3
   workload = 22

  classname = FRENCH 100
 department = FRENCH
      title = Intensive Elem
classnumber = 100
    credits = 8
   workload = 

  classname = FRENCH 101
 department = FRENCH
      title = Elementary
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 43

  classname = FRENCH 102
 department = FRENCH
      title = Elementary
classnumber = 102
    credits = 4
   workload = 54

  classname = FRENCH 103
 department = FRENCH
      title = Review of Elem
classnumber = 103
    credits = 4
   workload = 50

  classname = FRENCH 231
 department = FRENCH
      title = Second-Year
classnumber = 231
    credits = 4
   workload = 65

  classname = FRENCH 232
 department = FRENCH
      title = Second-Year
classnumber = 232
    credits = 4
   workload = 62

  classname = FRENCH 235
 department = FRENCH
      title = Adv French
classnumber = 235
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = FRENCH 241
 department = FRENCH
      title = Modernism
classnumber = 241
    credits = 4
   workload = 6

  classname = FRENCH 272
 department = FRENCH
      title = Film&Culture
classnumber = 272
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = FRENCH 274
 department = FRENCH
      title = Societies
classnumber = 274
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = FRENCH 333
 department = FRENCH
      title = Fr Phonetics
classnumber = 333
    credits = 3
   workload = 52

  classname = FRENCH 380
 department = FRENCH
      title = Intermed Bus French
classnumber = 380
    credits = 3
   workload = 70

  classname = FRENCH 444
 department = FRENCH
      title = Readings Eng
classnumber = 444
    credits = 3
   workload = 40

  classname = FRENCH 660
 department = FRENCH
      title = Topics Fren Lit
classnumber = 660
    credits = 2
   workload = 29

  classname = LSWA 125
 department = LSWA
      title = College Writing
classnumber = 125
    credits = 4
   workload = 26

  classname = LSWA 151
 department = LSWA
      title = LSWA Mini-Crse
classnumber = 151
    credits = 1
   workload = 9

  classname = LSWA 230
 department = LSWA
      title = Writing & Arts II
classnumber = 230
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = RCASL 100
 department = RCASL
      title = Intr Deaf Culture
classnumber = 100
    credits = 3
   workload = 2

  classname = RCASL 101
 department = RCASL
      title = Elem Am Sign Lang
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 5

  classname = RCASL 201
 department = RCASL
      title = Intermediate ASL
classnumber = 201
    credits = 4
   workload = 7

  classname = UC 110
 department = UC
      title = Intr to Info Studies
classnumber = 110
    credits = 4
   workload = 40

  classname = UC 154
 department = UC
      title = 1st Yr Interdisc Sem
classnumber = 154
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = UC 201
 department = UC
      title = Team&Ldrshp Basics I
classnumber = 201
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = UC 203
 department = UC
      title = Military Leadership
classnumber = 203
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = UC 205
 department = UC
      title = Leadership and Mgmt
classnumber = 205
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = UC 214
 department = UC
      title = Entrep Bus Basics
classnumber = 214
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = UC 280
 department = UC
      title = Undergrad Research
classnumber = 280
    credits = 1
   workload = 15

  classname = UC 301
 department = UC
      title = Lead Small Org I
classnumber = 301
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = UC 307
 department = UC
      title = Leadership & Comm I
classnumber = 307
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = UC 380
 department = UC
      title = Resrch Communication
classnumber = 380
    credits = 1
   workload = 15

  classname = UC 390
 department = UC
      title = Disc Lang St
classnumber = 390
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = UC 401
 department = UC
      title = Ldrshp & Mgt
classnumber = 401
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = UC 415
 department = UC
      title = Research Methods NS
classnumber = 415
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = UC 500
 department = UC
      title = Biomd Eng Sem
classnumber = 500
    credits = 1
   workload = 10

  classname = CCS 539
 department = CCS
      title = Documentary Chinese
classnumber = 539
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = FTVM 150
 department = FTVM
      title = Intro to FTVM
classnumber = 150
    credits = 4
   workload = 10

  classname = FTVM 190
 department = FTVM
      title = First-Year Seminar
classnumber = 190
    credits = 2
   workload = 20

  classname = FTVM 210
 department = FTVM
      title = Intro to Screenwrtg
classnumber = 210
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = FTVM 272
 department = FTVM
      title = Classical Film Thry
classnumber = 272
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = FTVM 290
 department = FTVM
      title = Intro to Media Prod
classnumber = 290
    credits = 4
   workload = 22

  classname = FTVM 304
 department = FTVM
      title = Topics in Med Prod I
classnumber = 304
    credits = 4
   workload = 46

  classname = FTVM 305
 department = FTVM
      title = The Exp Screen
classnumber = 305
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = FTVM 306
 department = FTVM
      title = An & Dig Med Prac I
classnumber = 306
    credits = 4
   workload = 12

  classname = FTVM 307
 department = FTVM
      title = Film Analy-Filmmaker
classnumber = 307
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = FTVM 321
 department = FTVM
      title = Iranian Cinema
classnumber = 321
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = FTVM 352
 department = FTVM
      title = Film:French New Wave
classnumber = 352
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = FTVM 355
 department = FTVM
      title = T V History
classnumber = 355
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = FTVM 358
 department = FTVM
      title = Italian Film
classnumber = 358
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = FTVM 366
 department = FTVM
      title = Film,TV&Cult
classnumber = 366
    credits = 3
   workload = 23

  classname = FTVM 368
 department = FTVM
      title = Digital Media Stds
classnumber = 368
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = FTVM 372
 department = FTVM
      title = Contemp Film Theory
classnumber = 372
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = FTVM 380
 department = FTVM
      title = Transnatl Media
classnumber = 380
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = FTVM 381
 department = FTVM
      title = Latinas/os and Media
classnumber = 381
    credits = 3
   workload = 2

  classname = FTVM 404
 department = FTVM
      title = Topics in Med Pro II
classnumber = 404
    credits = 4
   workload = 60

  classname = FTVM 410
 department = FTVM
      title = Scrnwr II: Rewrite
classnumber = 410
    credits = 3
   workload = 65

  classname = FTVM 411
 department = FTVM
      title = Wtg for TVII: Pilots
classnumber = 411
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = FTVM 421
 department = FTVM
      title = TV Pilot Production
classnumber = 421
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = FTVM 427
 department = FTVM
      title = Scrnwrit III
classnumber = 427
    credits = 3
   workload = 73

  classname = FTVM 441
 department = FTVM
      title = National Screens
classnumber = 441
    credits = 3
   workload = 14

  classname = FTVM 455
 department = FTVM
      title = Topics Film
classnumber = 455
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = FTVM 458
 department = FTVM
      title = Korean Film Culture
classnumber = 458
    credits = 3
   workload = 3

  classname = FTVM 461
 department = FTVM
      title = Fem Flm Thry
classnumber = 461
    credits = 3
   workload = 35

  classname = FTVM 485
 department = FTVM
      title = The Global Screen
classnumber = 485
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = FTVM 495
 department = FTVM
      title = Sr Honors Seminar
classnumber = 495
    credits = 1
   workload = 59

  classname = FTVM 620
 department = FTVM
      title = Elec/Digit Media&Cul
classnumber = 620
    credits = 3
   workload = 50

  classname = FTVM 621
 department = FTVM
      title = Thr&Prac Documentary
classnumber = 621
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MACROMOL 412
 department = MACROMOL
      title = Polymeric Materials
classnumber = 412
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = MACROMOL 515
 department = MACROMOL
      title = Poly Mtrls
classnumber = 515
    credits = 3
   workload = 9

  classname = MACROMOL 530
 department = MACROMOL
      title = Adv Function Poly
classnumber = 530
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = MACROMOL 790
 department = MACROMOL
      title = Fac Res Surv
classnumber = 790
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = MACROMOL 800
 department = MACROMOL
      title = Macromcl Sem
classnumber = 800
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = RCCORE 100
 department = RCCORE
      title = First Year Sem
classnumber = 100
    credits = 4
   workload = 25

  classname = RCCORE 302
 department = RCCORE
      title = Reflection Sem-SiD
classnumber = 302
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = RCCORE 334
 department = RCCORE
      title = Special Topics
classnumber = 334
    credits = 1
   workload = 14

  classname = UKR 151
 department = UKR
      title = 1st Year Ukr
classnumber = 151
    credits = 4
   workload = 11

  classname = UKR 251
 department = UKR
      title = 2nd Year Ukrainian
classnumber = 251
    credits = 4
   workload = 10

  classname = UKR 351
 department = UKR
      title = 3rd Year UKR I
classnumber = 351
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = UKR 551
 department = UKR
      title = First-Year UKR I
classnumber = 551
    credits = 4
   workload = 14

  classname = UKR 553
 department = UKR
      title = Second-Year UKR I
classnumber = 553
    credits = 4
   workload = 11

  classname = UKR 555
 department = UKR
      title = Third-Year UKR I
classnumber = 555
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = CHEM 105
 department = CHEM
      title = Changing Atmos
classnumber = 105
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = CHEM 125
 department = CHEM
      title = Gen Chem Lab I
classnumber = 125
    credits = 1
   workload = 46

  classname = CHEM 126
 department = CHEM
      title = Gen Chem Lab II
classnumber = 126
    credits = 1
   workload = 27

  classname = CHEM 130
 department = CHEM
      title = G Chem&R Princ
classnumber = 130
    credits = 3
   workload = 31

  classname = CHEM 209
 department = CHEM
      title = Struct and React Sem
classnumber = 209
    credits = 1
   workload = 2

  classname = CHEM 210
 department = CHEM
      title = Struct & React I
classnumber = 210
    credits = 3
   workload = 43

  classname = CHEM 211
 department = CHEM
      title = Invest Chem
classnumber = 211
    credits = 1
   workload = 21

  classname = CHEM 215
 department = CHEM
      title = Struct&React II
classnumber = 215
    credits = 3
   workload = 40

  classname = CHEM 216
 department = CHEM
      title = Syn Char Org
classnumber = 216
    credits = 2
   workload = 57

  classname = CHEM 241
 department = CHEM
      title = Intro to Chem Analy
classnumber = 241
    credits = 2
   workload = 23

  classname = CHEM 245
 department = CHEM
      title = Biomed Chem
classnumber = 245
    credits = 2
   workload = 29

  classname = CHEM 246
 department = CHEM
      title = Biomed Chem-Lab I
classnumber = 246
    credits = 1
   workload = 48

  classname = CHEM 247
 department = CHEM
      title = Biomed Chem Lab II
classnumber = 247
    credits = 1
   workload = 56

  classname = CHEM 260
 department = CHEM
      title = Chem Principles
classnumber = 260
    credits = 3
   workload = 39

  classname = CHEM 261
 department = CHEM
      title = Intr Quantum
classnumber = 261
    credits = 1
   workload = 39

  classname = CHEM 262
 department = CHEM
      title = Math Met Phys Sci
classnumber = 262
    credits = 4
   workload = 55

  classname = CHEM 303
 department = CHEM
      title = Intro Bioinorg Chem
classnumber = 303
    credits = 3
   workload = 39

  classname = CHEM 351
 department = CHEM
      title = Biochem Fundamentals
classnumber = 351
    credits = 4
   workload = 64

  classname = CHEM 352
 department = CHEM
      title = Intro Biochem Lab
classnumber = 352
    credits = 2
   workload = 17

  classname = CHEM 370
 department = CHEM
      title = PhysChem Princip
classnumber = 370
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = CHEM 402
 department = CHEM
      title = Int Inorganic Ch
classnumber = 402
    credits = 3
   workload = 62

  classname = CHEM 415
 department = CHEM
      title = Res Con in Chem Res
classnumber = 415
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = CHEM 419
 department = CHEM
      title = Inter Phys Org Chem
classnumber = 419
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = CHEM 440
 department = CHEM
      title = Biophys of Diseases
classnumber = 440
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = CHEM 451
 department = CHEM
      title = Adv Biochem I
classnumber = 451
    credits = 4
   workload = 38

  classname = CHEM 453
 department = CHEM
      title = Biophys Chem I
classnumber = 453
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = CHEM 461
 department = CHEM
      title = Physical Chem I
classnumber = 461
    credits = 3
   workload = 11

  classname = CHEM 462
 department = CHEM
      title = Comp Chem Lab
classnumber = 462
    credits = 1
   workload = 41

  classname = CHEM 474
 department = CHEM
      title = Env Chem
classnumber = 474
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = CHEM 482
 department = CHEM
      title = Synthesis
classnumber = 482
    credits = 3
   workload = 72

  classname = CHEM 505
 department = CHEM
      title = Nucleic Acid Biochem
classnumber = 505
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = CHEM 507
 department = CHEM
      title = Inorganic Chem
classnumber = 507
    credits = 3
   workload = 35

  classname = CHEM 511
 department = CHEM
      title = Materials Chem
classnumber = 511
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = CHEM 520
 department = CHEM
      title = Theory and Methods
classnumber = 520
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = CHEM 525
 department = CHEM
      title = Chem Biol I
classnumber = 525
    credits = 3
   workload = 30

  classname = CHEM 540
 department = CHEM
      title = Org Principles
classnumber = 540
    credits = 3
   workload = 27

  classname = CHEM 543
 department = CHEM
      title = Organic Mechanisms
classnumber = 543
    credits = 3
   workload = 63

  classname = CHEM 548
 department = CHEM
      title = CBI Frontiers
classnumber = 548
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = CHEM 550
 department = CHEM
      title = Chemistry Education
classnumber = 550
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = CHEM 570
 department = CHEM
      title = Molec Phys Chem
classnumber = 570
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = CHEM 571
 department = CHEM
      title = Quantum Chemistry
classnumber = 571
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = CHEM 574
 department = CHEM
      title = Environmental Chem
classnumber = 574
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = CHEM 576
 department = CHEM
      title = Statistical Mech
classnumber = 576
    credits = 3
   workload = 28

  classname = CHEM 597
 department = CHEM
      title = Intro to Grad Res
classnumber = 597
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = CHEM 646
 department = CHEM
      title = Chemical Separations
classnumber = 646
    credits = 3
   workload = 21

  classname = CHEM 647
 department = CHEM
      title = Mass Spectrometry
classnumber = 647
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = CHEM 649
 department = CHEM
      title = Electrochemistry
classnumber = 649
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = CHEM 720
 department = CHEM
      title = Prof Dev Lead Chem
classnumber = 720
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = CHEM 800
 department = CHEM
      title = Sem in Chemical Biol
classnumber = 800
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = CHEM 801
 department = CHEM
      title = Analytical Seminar
classnumber = 801
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = CHEM 802
 department = CHEM
      title = Inorganic Seminar
classnumber = 802
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = CHEM 803
 department = CHEM
      title = Organic Seminar
classnumber = 803
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = CHEM 804
 department = CHEM
      title = Physical Seminar
classnumber = 804
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = CHEM 805
 department = CHEM
      title = Materials Seminar
classnumber = 805
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = GEOG 145
 department = GEOG
      title = Int to Intnl Studies
classnumber = 145
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = GEOG 201
 department = GEOG
      title = Intro Geography
classnumber = 201
    credits = 3
   workload = 4

  classname = MATH 105
 department = MATH
      title = Dat,Fcns,Gph
classnumber = 105
    credits = 4
   workload = 51

  classname = MATH 115
 department = MATH
      title = Calculus I
classnumber = 115
    credits = 4
   workload = 50

  classname = MATH 116
 department = MATH
      title = Calculus II
classnumber = 116
    credits = 4
   workload = 48

  classname = MATH 156
 department = MATH
      title = App Honors Calc 2
classnumber = 156
    credits = 4
   workload = 36

  classname = MATH 201
 department = MATH
      title = Math Writing Intro
classnumber = 201
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = MATH 214
 department = MATH
      title = App Linear Algebra
classnumber = 214
    credits = 4
   workload = 29

  classname = MATH 215
 department = MATH
      title = Multiv & Vector Calc
classnumber = 215
    credits = 4
   workload = 38

  classname = MATH 216
 department = MATH
      title = Intro Diff Equat
classnumber = 216
    credits = 4
   workload = 54

  classname = MATH 217
 department = MATH
      title = Linear Algebra
classnumber = 217
    credits = 4
   workload = 81

  classname = MATH 289
 department = MATH
      title = Problem Seminar
classnumber = 289
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = MATH 385
 department = MATH
      title = Elem School Teach
classnumber = 385
    credits = 3
   workload = 45

  classname = MATH 417
 department = MATH
      title = Matrix Algebra I
classnumber = 417
    credits = 3
   workload = 17

  classname = MATH 419
 department = MATH
      title = Lin Sp Matrix Thy
classnumber = 419
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = MATH 423
 department = MATH
      title = Math of Finance
classnumber = 423
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = MATH 425
 department = MATH
      title = Intro Probability
classnumber = 425
    credits = 3
   workload = 24

  classname = MATH 431
 department = MATH
      title = Euclidean Geometry
classnumber = 431
    credits = 3
   workload = 57

  classname = MATH 450
 department = MATH
      title = Adv Math Engrs I
classnumber = 450
    credits = 4
   workload = 43

  classname = MATH 454
 department = MATH
      title = BV Prob-Pde
classnumber = 454
    credits = 3
   workload = 22

  classname = MATH 463
 department = MATH
      title = Math Model Biol
classnumber = 463
    credits = 3
   workload = 49

  classname = MATH 466
 department = MATH
      title = Mathematical Ecology
classnumber = 466
    credits = 3
   workload = 38

  classname = MATH 486
 department = MATH
      title = Concepts Basic
classnumber = 486
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = MATH 497
 department = MATH
      title = Topics Elem Math
classnumber = 497
    credits = 3
   workload = 31

  classname = MATH 498
 department = MATH
      title = Topics Mod Math
classnumber = 498
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MATH 501
 department = MATH
      title = AIM Student Sem
classnumber = 501
    credits = 1
   workload = 2

  classname = MATH 540
 department = MATH
      title = Math of Bio Networks
classnumber = 540
    credits = 3
   workload = 3

  classname = MATH 555
 department = MATH
      title = Complex Variable
classnumber = 555
    credits = 3
   workload = 29

  classname = MATH 558
 department = MATH
      title = Appl Nonlinear Dyn
classnumber = 558
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = MATH 568
 department = MATH
      title = Math & Comp Neurosci
classnumber = 568
    credits = 3
   workload = 52

  classname = MATH 571
 department = MATH
      title = Num Lin Algebra
classnumber = 571
    credits = 3
   workload = 23

  classname = MATH 573
 department = MATH
      title = Fin Math I
classnumber = 573
    credits = 3
   workload = 47

  classname = MATH 602
 department = MATH
      title = Real Analysis II
classnumber = 602
    credits = 3
   workload = 27

  classname = MATH 627
 department = MATH
      title = Appl Stoc Proc
classnumber = 627
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = MATH 636
 department = MATH
      title = Topics Diff Geom
classnumber = 636
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MATH 650
 department = MATH
      title = Fourier Analysis
classnumber = 650
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MATH 651
 department = MATH
      title = Topics Appl Math I
classnumber = 651
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MATH 656
 department = MATH
      title = Intro to PDEs
classnumber = 656
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = MATH 660
 department = MATH
      title = Linear Prog II
classnumber = 660
    credits = 3
   workload = 51

  classname = MATH 663
 department = MATH
      title = Nonlinear Prog
classnumber = 663
    credits = 3
   workload = 44

  classname = MATH 665
 department = MATH
      title = Combinatr Thry II
classnumber = 665
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MATH 682
 department = MATH
      title = Set Theory
classnumber = 682
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MATH 695
 department = MATH
      title = Algebra Topol I
classnumber = 695
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = MATH 697
 department = MATH
      title = Topics-Topology
classnumber = 697
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = MATH 993
 department = MATH
      title = G S I Training
classnumber = 993
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = RCHUMS 150
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Intro to FTVM
classnumber = 150
    credits = 4
   workload = 10

  classname = RCHUMS 202
 department = RCHUMS
      title = How to Think (Arts)
classnumber = 202
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = RCHUMS 218
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Hero as Outsider
classnumber = 218
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = RCHUMS 220
 department = RCHUMS
      title = R C Narration
classnumber = 220
    credits = 4
   workload = 24

  classname = RCHUMS 221
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Writing Poetry
classnumber = 221
    credits = 4
   workload = 2

  classname = RCHUMS 251
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Music Topics
classnumber = 251
    credits = 3
   workload = 10

  classname = RCHUMS 260
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Art of Dance
classnumber = 260
    credits = 3
   workload = 2

  classname = RCHUMS 282
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Dram Interpr I
classnumber = 282
    credits = 4
   workload = 12

  classname = RCHUMS 291
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Arts&Ideas 19c
classnumber = 291
    credits = 4
   workload = 29

  classname = RCHUMS 303
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Int Indonesian Orch
classnumber = 303
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = RCHUMS 312
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Cntral Eur Cinema
classnumber = 312
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = RCHUMS 332
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Atonement Project
classnumber = 332
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = RCHUMS 334
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Topics in Humanities
classnumber = 334
    credits = 3
   workload = 18

  classname = RCHUMS 341
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Community Empowermen
classnumber = 341
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = RCHUMS 347
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Survey Russ Lit
classnumber = 347
    credits = 4
   workload = 63

  classname = RCHUMS 356
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Symphonic Century
classnumber = 356
    credits = 3
   workload = 3

  classname = RCHUMS 383
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Ibsen&Strindbg
classnumber = 383
    credits = 4
   workload = 12

  classname = RCHUMS 389
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Modern Theatre
classnumber = 389
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = RCHUMS 410
 department = RCHUMS
      title = Upperclass Sem
classnumber = 410
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = RCHUMS 423
 department = RCHUMS
      title = OOTB
classnumber = 423
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = WGS 150
 department = WGS
      title = Gender Sem
classnumber = 150
    credits = 3
   workload = 11

  classname = WGS 151
 department = WGS
      title = Gender Sem
classnumber = 151
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = WGS 211
 department = WGS
      title = Gen and Pop
classnumber = 211
    credits = 4
   workload = 4

  classname = WGS 212
 department = WGS
      title = Global Persp HIV
classnumber = 212
    credits = 3
   workload = 35

  classname = WGS 215
 department = WGS
      title = Contested Spaces
classnumber = 215
    credits = 4
   workload = 31

  classname = WGS 220
 department = WGS
      title = Women's Hlth
classnumber = 220
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = WGS 240
 department = WGS
      title = Int Womn Gndr Stdy
classnumber = 240
    credits = 3
   workload = 21

  classname = WGS 258
 department = WGS
      title = Topic Interdis WS
classnumber = 258
    credits = 1
   workload = 33

  classname = WGS 304
 department = WGS
      title = Gender&Immigr
classnumber = 304
    credits = 3
   workload = 44

  classname = WGS 307
 department = WGS
      title = Medicine & Healing
classnumber = 307
    credits = 4
   workload = 61

  classname = WGS 314
 department = WGS
      title = Gender/Sexuality Std
classnumber = 314
    credits = 2
   workload = 24

  classname = WGS 315
 department = WGS
      title = Women&Literature
classnumber = 315
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = WGS 323
 department = WGS
      title = Blk Feminist Thought
classnumber = 323
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = WGS 341
 department = WGS
      title = Topics LGBTQ Studies
classnumber = 341
    credits = 3
   workload = 13

  classname = WGS 343
 department = WGS
      title = Gndr Race Ethnic US
classnumber = 343
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = WGS 348
 department = WGS
      title = Soc of Sexualities
classnumber = 348
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = WGS 366
 department = WGS
      title = Sexuality/US Pop Cul
classnumber = 366
    credits = 3
   workload = 69

  classname = WGS 380
 department = WGS
      title = Special Topics
classnumber = 380
    credits = 1
   workload = 4

  classname = WGS 404
 department = WGS
      title = GenderBased Violence
classnumber = 404
    credits = 2
   workload = 13

  classname = WGS 417
 department = WGS
      title = 19thC Race MntlHlth
classnumber = 417
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = WGS 422
 department = WGS
      title = Fm Pol Theory
classnumber = 422
    credits = 3
   workload = 30

  classname = WGS 425
 department = WGS
      title = Fem Pract Oral Hist
classnumber = 425
    credits = 3
   workload = 29

  classname = WGS 431
 department = WGS
      title = Advanced Top LGBTQ
classnumber = 431
    credits = 3
   workload = 27

  classname = WGS 432
 department = WGS
      title = Adv Gender&Health
classnumber = 432
    credits = 3
   workload = 7

  classname = WGS 433
 department = WGS
      title = Adv Top Gender Race
classnumber = 433
    credits = 3
   workload = 26

  classname = WGS 441
 department = WGS
      title = Snr Honors Seminar I
classnumber = 441
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = WGS 447
 department = WGS
      title = Soc of Gender
classnumber = 447
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = WGS 454
 department = WGS
      title = What is Marriage?
classnumber = 454
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = WGS 461
 department = WGS
      title = Fem Flm Thry
classnumber = 461
    credits = 3
   workload = 35

  classname = WGS 501
 department = WGS
      title = Intro Grad Studies
classnumber = 501
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = WGS 530
 department = WGS
      title = Thry Feminsm
classnumber = 530
    credits = 3
   workload = 11

  classname = WGS 531
 department = WGS
      title = LGBTQ Studies Sem
classnumber = 531
    credits = 3
   workload = 23

  classname = WGS 590
 department = WGS
      title = Disability Studies
classnumber = 590
    credits = 1
   workload = 6

  classname = WGS 655
 department = WGS
      title = Psych of Women
classnumber = 655
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = WGS 698
 department = WGS
      title = Special Sem
classnumber = 698
    credits = 1
   workload = 33

  classname = CIC 301
 department = CIC
      title = Consortium
classnumber = 301
    credits = 0
   workload = 

  classname = CIC 501
 department = CIC
      title = Chicago
classnumber = 501
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = CIC 502
 department = CIC
      title = Illinois
classnumber = 502
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = CIC 503
 department = CIC
      title = Indiana
classnumber = 503
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = CIC 504
 department = CIC
      title = Iowa
classnumber = 504
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = CIC 505
 department = CIC
      title = Michigan State
classnumber = 505
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = CIC 506
 department = CIC
      title = Minnesota
classnumber = 506
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = CIC 507
 department = CIC
      title = Northwestern
classnumber = 507
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = CIC 508
 department = CIC
      title = Ohio State
classnumber = 508
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = CIC 509
 department = CIC
      title = Penn State
classnumber = 509
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = CIC 510
 department = CIC
      title = Purdue
classnumber = 510
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = CIC 511
 department = CIC
      title = Wisconsin
classnumber = 511
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = CIC 512
 department = CIC
      title = Rutgers
classnumber = 512
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = CIC 513
 department = CIC
      title = Maryland
classnumber = 513
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = GERMAN 100
 department = GERMAN
      title = Intensive Elem Ger
classnumber = 100
    credits = 8
   workload = 53

  classname = GERMAN 101
 department = GERMAN
      title = Elementary
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 51

  classname = GERMAN 102
 department = GERMAN
      title = Elementary
classnumber = 102
    credits = 4
   workload = 42

  classname = GERMAN 103
 department = GERMAN
      title = Review of Elem Ger
classnumber = 103
    credits = 5
   workload = 40

  classname = GERMAN 127
 department = GERMAN
      title = First Year Yiddish I
classnumber = 127
    credits = 4
   workload = 16

  classname = GERMAN 180
 department = GERMAN
      title = First Yr Sem
classnumber = 180
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = GERMAN 221
 department = GERMAN
      title = Accel 3rd Sem
classnumber = 221
    credits = 5
   workload = 35

  classname = GERMAN 227
 department = GERMAN
      title = 2nd Year Yiddish I
classnumber = 227
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = GERMAN 230
 department = GERMAN
      title = Intens 2nd Yr Ger
classnumber = 230
    credits = 8
   workload = 45

  classname = GERMAN 231
 department = GERMAN
      title = Second-Year
classnumber = 231
    credits = 4
   workload = 30

  classname = GERMAN 232
 department = GERMAN
      title = Second-Year
classnumber = 232
    credits = 4
   workload = 18

  classname = GERMAN 300
 department = GERMAN
      title = Towards Fluency
classnumber = 300
    credits = 4
   workload = 31

  classname = GERMAN 303
 department = GERMAN
      title = Ger Cult & Arts
classnumber = 303
    credits = 3
   workload = 11

  classname = GERMAN 304
 department = GERMAN
      title = Studies Germ Culture
classnumber = 304
    credits = 1
   workload = 9

  classname = GERMAN 306
 department = GERMAN
      title = Conversation&Debate
classnumber = 306
    credits = 1
   workload = 7

  classname = GERMAN 310
 department = GERMAN
      title = Studies in Ger Cult
classnumber = 310
    credits = 2
   workload = 4

  classname = GERMAN 315
 department = GERMAN
      title = Intro to German Lit
classnumber = 315
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = GERMAN 325
 department = GERMAN
      title = Interm German
classnumber = 325
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = GERMAN 327
 department = GERMAN
      title = Adv Yiddish I
classnumber = 327
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = GERMAN 350
 department = GERMAN
      title = Business German
classnumber = 350
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = GERMAN 351
 department = GERMAN
      title = Prac Business Ger
classnumber = 351
    credits = 1
   workload = 13

  classname = GERMAN 357
 department = GERMAN
      title = Tutoring HS and K-8
classnumber = 357
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = GERMAN 358
 department = GERMAN
      title = Assistantship DSAA
classnumber = 358
    credits = 1
   workload = 50

  classname = GERMAN 375
 department = GERMAN
      title = Celtic&Nordic Myth
classnumber = 375
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = GERMAN 379
 department = GERMAN
      title = Sports, Pol, Society
classnumber = 379
    credits = 3
   workload = 37

  classname = GERMAN 386
 department = GERMAN
      title = Fairy Tales
classnumber = 386
    credits = 3
   workload = 5

  classname = GERMAN 391
 department = GERMAN
      title = The Holocaust
classnumber = 391
    credits = 4
   workload = 10

  classname = GERMAN 401
 department = GERMAN
      title = 19C Intell Hist
classnumber = 401
    credits = 3
   workload = 39

  classname = GERMAN 416
 department = GERMAN
      title = Sem German Studies
classnumber = 416
    credits = 2
   workload = 16

  classname = GERMAN 425
 department = GERMAN
      title = Adv German
classnumber = 425
    credits = 3
   workload = 20

  classname = GERMAN 431
 department = GERMAN
      title = Germ Mgt&Marketing
classnumber = 431
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = GERMAN 449
 department = GERMAN
      title = Spec Topc Eng Trans
classnumber = 449
    credits = 3
   workload = 27

  classname = GERMAN 457
 department = GERMAN
      title = 20th C Ger Fiction
classnumber = 457
    credits = 2
   workload = 26

  classname = GERMAN 470
 department = GERMAN
      title = Workshop in Translation
classnumber = 470
    credits = 3
   workload = 33

  classname = GERMAN 491
 department = GERMAN
      title = Honors Proseminar
classnumber = 491
    credits = 2
   workload = 23

  classname = GERMAN 501
 department = GERMAN
      title = Old English
classnumber = 501
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = GERMAN 525
 department = GERMAN
      title = Advanced Writing
classnumber = 525
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = GERMAN 531
 department = GERMAN
      title = Teaching Methods
classnumber = 531
    credits = 2
   workload = 30

  classname = GERMAN 540
 department = GERMAN
      title = Intro Germ Studies
classnumber = 540
    credits = 3
   workload = 15

  classname = GERMAN 601
 department = GERMAN
      title = Prelim Seminar
classnumber = 601
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = GERMAN 731
 department = GERMAN
      title = Cultural/Historical
classnumber = 731
    credits = 3
   workload = 42

  classname = GERMAN 993
 department = GERMAN
      title = G S I Train Prog
classnumber = 993
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = MCDB 306
 department = MCDB
      title = Genetics Lab
classnumber = 306
    credits = 3
   workload = 41

  classname = MCDB 310
 department = MCDB
      title = Intro Biochemistry
classnumber = 310
    credits = 4
   workload = 63

  classname = MCDB 401
 department = MCDB
      title = Advanced Topics
classnumber = 401
    credits = 1
   workload = 8

  classname = MCDB 411
 department = MCDB
      title = Protein Structure
classnumber = 411
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MCDB 427
 department = MCDB
      title = Molecular Biology
classnumber = 427
    credits = 4
   workload = 41

  classname = MCDB 434
 department = MCDB
      title = Protein Misfold Dis
classnumber = 434
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MCDB 436
 department = MCDB
      title = Human Immunology
classnumber = 436
    credits = 3
   workload = 60

  classname = MCDB 447
 department = MCDB
      title = Lysosomes & Diseases
classnumber = 447
    credits = 3
   workload = 8

  classname = MCDB 451
 department = MCDB
      title = Molec Neuro Disease
classnumber = 451
    credits = 3
   workload = 19

  classname = MCDB 499
 department = MCDB
      title = Research Ethics-Bio
classnumber = 499
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = MCDB 515
 department = MCDB
      title = Res Con in Chem Res
classnumber = 515
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = MCDB 525
 department = MCDB
      title = Topics Molec Biology
classnumber = 525
    credits = 1
   workload = 100

  classname = MCDB 527
 department = MCDB
      title = Exp Molec Biology
classnumber = 527
    credits = 4
   workload = 40

  classname = MCDB 600
 department = MCDB
      title = Topics in MCDB
classnumber = 600
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = MCDB 610
 department = MCDB
      title = Principles Neuro I
classnumber = 610
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MCDB 611
 department = MCDB
      title = Neurochem/Neuropharm
classnumber = 611
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = MCDB 613
 department = MCDB
      title = Circuits/Comp NS
classnumber = 613
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = MCDB 615
 department = MCDB
      title = Cellular&Molec Biol
classnumber = 615
    credits = 3
   workload = 48

  classname = MCDB 623
 department = MCDB
      title = Molecular Neuro Lab
classnumber = 623
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MCDB 632
 department = MCDB
      title = Exp Genetics Systems
classnumber = 632
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = MCDB 800
 department = MCDB
      title = Biology Seminar
classnumber = 800
    credits = 1
   workload = 2

  classname = MCDB 801
 department = MCDB
      title = Supervised Teaching
classnumber = 801
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = RCIDIV 270
 department = RCIDIV
      title = Globaliztn & Environ
classnumber = 270
    credits = 4
   workload = 70

  classname = RCIDIV 350
 department = RCIDIV
      title = Spec Topics
classnumber = 350
    credits = 1
   workload = 3

  classname = WRITING 100
 department = WRITING
      title = Practice of Writing
classnumber = 100
    credits = 3
   workload = 16

  classname = WRITING 120
 department = WRITING
      title = Coll Writing Intl St
classnumber = 120
    credits = 3
   workload = 31

  classname = WRITING 229
 department = WRITING
      title = Editing & Style
classnumber = 229
    credits = 1
   workload = 25

  classname = WRITING 240
 department = WRITING
      title = Prof & Tech Pres
classnumber = 240
    credits = 1
   workload = 13

  classname = WRITING 301
 department = WRITING
      title = Prac Peer Consulting
classnumber = 301
    credits = 1
   workload = 13

  classname = WRITING 305
 department = WRITING
      title = MWrite Fellows
classnumber = 305
    credits = 1
   workload = 9

  classname = WRITING 350
 department = WRITING
      title = Upper-Lvl Wrtg
classnumber = 350
    credits = 1
   workload = 7

  classname = WRITING 400
 department = WRITING
      title = Adv Rhet & Research
classnumber = 400
    credits = 3
   workload = 53

  classname = WRITING 420
 department = WRITING
      title = Writing Capstone
classnumber = 420
    credits = 3
   workload = 39

  classname = WRITING 993
 department = WRITING
      title = Teaching Writing
classnumber = 993
    credits = 1
   workload = 7

  classname = CJS 451
 department = CJS
      title = Topics Japan
classnumber = 451
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = GREEK 101
 department = GREEK
      title = Elementary
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 58

  classname = GREEK 301
 department = GREEK
      title = Second-Year
classnumber = 301
    credits = 4
   workload = 29

  classname = GREEK 401
 department = GREEK
      title = Greek Prose
classnumber = 401
    credits = 3
   workload = 21

  classname = GREEK 410
 department = GREEK
      title = Elem Composition
classnumber = 410
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = GREEK 462
 department = GREEK
      title = Plato: Republic
classnumber = 462
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = GREEK 502
 department = GREEK
      title = Elementary Greek
classnumber = 502
    credits = 3
   workload = 58

  classname = GREEK 506
 department = GREEK
      title = Adv Greek Comp
classnumber = 506
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = GREEK 507
 department = GREEK
      title = 2nd Yr Greek I
classnumber = 507
    credits = 3
   workload = 29

  classname = GREEK 573
 department = GREEK
      title = Hellenistic Grk Lit
classnumber = 573
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = GREEK 600
 department = GREEK
      title = Meth Class Scholarsp
classnumber = 600
    credits = 1
   workload = 

  classname = GREEK 637
 department = GREEK
      title = Interpret Papyri
classnumber = 637
    credits = 2
   workload = 

  classname = GREEK 870
 department = GREEK
      title = Topics in Greek Lit
classnumber = 870
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MELANG 201
 department = MELANG
      title = Intmd Class Hebrew I
classnumber = 201
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = MELANG 410
 department = MELANG
      title = Topics: MES Language
classnumber = 410
    credits = 
   workload = 

  classname = MELANG 420
 department = MELANG
      title = Intr Akkadian
classnumber = 420
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MELANG 430
 department = MELANG
      title = Intr Middle Egyptn I
classnumber = 430
    credits = 3
   workload = 25

  classname = MELANG 440
 department = MELANG
      title = Coptic I
classnumber = 440
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = MELANG 601
 department = MELANG
      title = Intrmd Class Heb
classnumber = 601
    credits = 3
   workload = 12

  classname = RCLANG 154
 department = RCLANG
      title = Elem Spanish
classnumber = 154
    credits = 4
   workload = 62

  classname = RCLANG 190
 department = RCLANG
      title = Intens French
classnumber = 190
    credits = 8
   workload = 50

  classname = RCLANG 191
 department = RCLANG
      title = Intens German
classnumber = 191
    credits = 8
   workload = 51

  classname = RCLANG 193
 department = RCLANG
      title = Intensive Russian I
classnumber = 193
    credits = 8
   workload = 68

  classname = RCLANG 194
 department = RCLANG
      title = Intens Spanish
classnumber = 194
    credits = 8
   workload = 69

  classname = RCLANG 195
 department = RCLANG
      title = Intensive Latin I
classnumber = 195
    credits = 8
   workload = 67

  classname = RCLANG 196
 department = RCLANG
      title = Intensive Japanese I
classnumber = 196
    credits = 10
   workload = 58

  classname = RCLANG 251
 department = RCLANG
      title = Imed German
classnumber = 251
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = RCLANG 290
 department = RCLANG
      title = Intens French
classnumber = 290
    credits = 8
   workload = 33

  classname = RCLANG 291
 department = RCLANG
      title = Intensive German
classnumber = 291
    credits = 8
   workload = 38

  classname = RCLANG 294
 department = RCLANG
      title = Intens Spanish
classnumber = 294
    credits = 8
   workload = 62

  classname = RCLANG 314
 department = RCLANG
      title = Accel Rev-Span
classnumber = 314
    credits = 4
   workload = 30

  classname = RCLANG 321
 department = RCLANG
      title = German Reading
classnumber = 321
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = RCLANG 323
 department = RCLANG
      title = Russ Readings
classnumber = 323
    credits = 4
   workload = 90

  classname = RCLANG 324
 department = RCLANG
      title = Span Readings
classnumber = 324
    credits = 4
   workload = 23

  classname = YIDDISH 101
 department = YIDDISH
      title = First Year Yiddish I
classnumber = 101
    credits = 4
   workload = 16

  classname = YIDDISH 201
 department = YIDDISH
      title = 2nd Year Yiddish I
classnumber = 201
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = YIDDISH 301
 department = YIDDISH
      title = Adv Yiddish I
classnumber = 301
    credits = 3
   workload = 

  classname = YIDDISH 431
 department = YIDDISH
      title = Beg Yiddish 1-Grad
classnumber = 431
    credits = 4
   workload = 20

  classname = YIDDISH 531
 department = YIDDISH
      title = Int Yiddish 1-Grad
classnumber = 531
    credits = 4
   workload = 

  classname = YIDDISH 631
 department = YIDDISH
      title = Adv Yiddish 1-Grad
classnumber = 631
    credits = 4
   workload = 
